13875		up the river   chapter introductory   up the river.   by lindsay duncan.   introductory.   though deep yet clear, though gentle yet not dull, strong without rage, without o'erflowing lull.   the river—the dear old river ! what river, did yon aay ? why, the thames, to be sure—old father thames, beloved of all who have dwelt upon his banks or floated on his ample tide. who conld know the river well and fail to love it? not by its bnsy docks and thronging wharfs perhaps—there pride may take the place of affection—pride in the mighty water-way on which the myriad vessels from every quarter of the globe thread their crowded course to and from the world's great mart. bnt, creeping away from the city, and stealing upwardb on the broad stream that grows clearer and more limpid with every mile ; passing under quaint low arched bridges; by quiet nestling villages,   and wide, green, daisied meadows, where the j   sleepy cattle stand deep in fragrant verdure   by tiny islets, set like emeralds in a bed of i silver; by locks and weirs, where the water |   rushes and falls as though to greet you with a measured song of drowsy welcome; by shingly shallows, where the silvery fish flash in and out among the stems of the water lilies ; pausing in cool shadowy reaches and willow- draped nooks, to fill your handb with pinky-blue forget-me-nots and flowering   water-weeds; then out again into the broad i   sunshine, while the drops fall like diamonds |   from the oars.   " my mind is full of the river to-day," |   murmured the sick man, feebly, raising him self upon his sharpened elbow. "have i   been talking of it, phil ? i could half fancy |   i had been wandering on about it aloud. like poor old jack falstaff, 'babbling of green fields' at the last. that's about what it has come to with me now. don't shake   your head, dear old man. i knoar it as well as you do, and care a great deal less."   "don't talk like that, lenham, for god's i sake," said phil, impetuously flinging his |   book away, and going to his friend's bedside.   " what is the use of giving up ? is it not |   like your usual pluck to cave in like this."   "it is not much of a fight one can make i agaiubt the pale horseman, phil. the cry is |   ' vae victis'—and i am down, what mat ter ? there is no one to miss me but you. dying like this, i can almost be glad that things have been as they have. it is much easier to go where there are no tieb to break, phil. how could i have borne the wrench if her arms had been about my neck, and there had been children's faces about the bed ? children's faces! hers and mine, phil 1 and yet that is what should have been— what was to have been in the old sweet days beside the river! but her em braces were not for me—her child is not mine ! it is hard to lose the only woman you have ever loved, phil—harder still to have her stolen from you by one you called your friend."   here the weak and broken utterance   paused awhile, and the weary handsome j head lay back upon the pillow.   "i never told you about it phil. what would have been the use?" he went on   presently, staring vacantly upwards at the whitewashed ceiling. "but it embittered all my life, and now it makes it easy to go.   i don't feel bitter to-day, somehow. i feel1 almobtas though the dear old river had been   flowing through my very soul and washingall j   the bitterness away. foolish idea, isn't it? you see i was born and bred beside it. i learnt to swim and row in its waters, and fish. ah 1 what sport we used to have when i was a lad, phil. and it was down beside the pollard willows, where the flags and rushes grew the thickest, that she said she loved me." such a dreamy wietfulness stole into those upturned eyes, such a pathetic quiver of a smile rested on those wan, parched lips, that philip nottage turned away abruptly, and gulped hard to choke down the bob that was fighting its way into his brown muscular throat,   " perhaps she is living beside it now," lenham murmured on after a pause, during which phil had drawn the window-blind a trifle aside that he might gaze out upon the blinding glare of the dusty, white australian road and the two gaunt, ghastly aloe stalks that had   sprung from their dull, pointed leaves, and, flowering years ago, now stand as dismal monuments of death and decay in the little patch of arid ground in front of the house— gazing out on this uninviting prospect only to hide the emotion he could not wholly subdue.   "perhaps she sometimes listens to the water rippling and gurgling among the   sedges, as we used to do together. perhaps i the child—the child 1 why, she must be a |   young woman now—almost as old as her   mother wab when i first saw her sketching i by the weir. my heart yearns over the child somehow. i should have liked to see her once before i died. not the mother. no,   nc. 1 would not have looked upon her face j   again. but the child—her child."   here the murmuring broke off for awhile,   and then with some energy the sick man j raised himself again, and cried,   "come here, phil, i want you. i want ! you to make me a promise—not a promise very easy of fulfilment, either. but you wen't mind that for friendsuip's sake, will   you, old boy ?" i   "what is the good of promises?" said the ] other impulsively, seizing his friend's wasted hand between his strong vigorous palms.   "you know as well as i do that there is | nothing i would not do for you, lenham. you saved my life, and it belongs to you. i'm not great at talking—you know that— but give me something to do—no matter what it is—and live to see me do it."   lenham shook bis head with a wan smile. " it can't be done, phil," he said; " i am at the end of my tetner. you shall have some thing to do for me, however, although i shall not see it—unless, indeed, i shall know it all in 'the future state.' it is a very curious sensation, phil," he rambled on meditatively, "to feel one's self njpon the brink of the   solution of all the doubts and difficulties that   beset the mind3 of theologians and phi- ' losophers, to know that in a few days, perhapb a few hours, i shall have found it all out. now 'through a glass darkly,' st. paul said, didn't he?—'but then face to face.' i'm glad i've never altogether left off being a christian, phil. it is a comfort now to be able to go back to the times when i said my prayers by my mother's knee, in the old house by the river. the river—there it is again ; yon see, i can't keep it out of my thoughts. now listen, phil," and philip nottage listened and promised.   inter in the day. lenham asked suddenly. "isit hot, philr   " baking!" responded nottage, pushing his curly hair off his heated forehead. " this is the hottest sunnier wve bad since i can re member, i verily believe. bad weather for yon, old man."   "i don't feel it," replied lenham. "the memory of the river is cooling me, 1 think. havens 1 read somewhere about bomeone • going out with the tide,' phil ? that's what i am doing—going out with the tide of the river. why, i can almost see the green banks as i float past—the water is so clear and cool, phil, and the shadows of the wil lows are growing longer and deeper every   moment——"       chapter i at the other side of the world.   chapter i.   1 at tee other side of the woeuv   scene—the smoking-room of a fashionable london hotel in the height of the season. period—a few years ago. hour—8 o'clock post • meridian. dramatis persona—but here the dramatic style must cede to the descriptive.   on the most luxurious of morocco-covered lounges lay, at his ease, a man of perhaps 40 odd years of age. unostentatiously dressed, he nevertheless impressed you at first sight as being " turned out" in the very latebt and most costly style. the cut of his coat, the shape of his hat. the depth of his collar, nay, the very tint of his quiet necktie, convinced the experienced beholder at once that the   tradesmen who clothed the distinguished- 1 looking person of major gilroy lived and had their being within a short radius of that olympus of the gods of fashion — bond   street.   and majorgilroy was very " distingu ished looking"—whatever that may mean. the description must have suited him precisely, because so many people used it in speaking of him. " not exactly handsome, perhaps, but so very distinguished- looking, you know,   dear," bis lady friends would remark to each 1 other when his name among others presented itself upon the 5-o'clock tea tapis. owning a smooth colourless face, bearing no signs of beard on lip or cheek or chin, bright blue eyes, and close-cropped hair of that un pronounced shade of fairness that never seems to show thegreyness of advancing age, be might still have looked to be in his first youth had it not been for those deep vertical lines between theunaccentuated eye-brows— that almost imperceptible tendency to " hagginess" under the eyes—and those tell   tale grooves that holmes so aptly calls " the ] parenthesis" on either side of the thin-lipped mouth. half an hour before the room nad been well filled ; but one by one the occupants had dropped away to keep some evening engagement, or to escort their wiveb and daughters to theatre, concert-room, or opera, for the hotel was full of visitors from the country and abroad, and the men all seemed to be too much occupied with their plans for amusement for themselves and their parties to lounge and lidger and talk with chance acquaintances in the smoking-room, so that by 8 o'clock major gilroy had the room almost to himself, and might soon have con gratulated himself upon a complete monopoly had not the door swung open to admit a stal wart young man with a bronzed good-looking face.   no completer contrast could well be imagined wan that exemplified in the persons of these two men. while the one i have already attempted to describe was evidently the product of a high state of civilization, the other was as evidently the outcome of a wide and healthy freedom from conventionality. there was a look in the young fellow's frank   brown eyes as of one accustomed to survey j great stretches of country and to distinguish objects afar off; a lengthy swing in his manly stride, which seemed hardly in keeping with town pavements and much-furnished rooms; a general breeziness of air and voice, which told of hearty outdoor life as plainly as it epoke of a generous temper ana fearless and confiding disposition.   a faint expression of satisfaction flitted across major gilroy's face. doubtless it was dull work sitting there in the summer dusk   alone, and the major was pre-eminently a j   sociable man. the newcomer seated him self beside the open window, near which the   major lounged, and, drawing out of his pocket j a well-coloured pipe that told of long-con tinued service, proceeded to enjoy him self in true virile fashion. now the maior was an englishman; therefore it seems hardly necessary to state that he naturally opened a conversation with a total stranger by a reference to the weather. (by-the-by, i am not sure that it is not a very good way, after all—the subject is a safe and non-com mittal sort of one, and really of borne impor tance in a changeable climate like that of england.)   " excessively warm this evening, isn't it?" observed the major.   " i suppose it is, for this part of the world," responded the other, in a voice of treble the loudness of the major's suavely modulated tones. "i find it just comfortable. but i suppose feeling the heat is mostly a question   of what one is accustomed to. i'm just out i from australia, and we don't complain much j   there under 100° in the shade."   •'that sounds terrible," said the major. "in fact, i may bay it is chiefly through   dread of the heat that i have refrained from gratifying one of my greatest desires—that of visiting the australian colonies."   "oh, you needn't be afraid of that," re sponded the other with ready interest. " go in the winter months—any time from april to october, you know—and you won't find any fault with the climate on the score of heat. i've heard people who have travelled all over the world—regular globe trotters— say that they never came across a better climate than that of sooth australia."   "well, that is encouraging," remarked major gilroy, daintily tipping the ash from his cigar with the pout of his slender white fourth finger of the hand in which he held it " i must really think it over seriously for. my next long trip. one gets so weary of europe with au its effete attractions and   thrice-seen bights that there is something j   absolutely refreshing in the mere idea of the grandly vigorous young world from which you come. just arrived, i think you said ?"   " well, yes; only a few hours ago."   " and what do you think of thib great j babylon of ours ?" |   " i hardly know yet," laughed the yonng australian. " my impressions are a bit con   fused just at present. i feel rather cramped, 1 as if i badn't enough room to move my legs in ; but i have felt like that sometimes in   adelaide, although our streets are pretty   broad. as for the steamer, i used to feel {   as if i should have to jump overboard to btretch my limbs at times. it all comes of   living up country the best part of your life, i | suppose. besides, one does feel a bit lost and lonely somehow in a big strange place like this just at first, you know."   " naturally," responded the major," but i that will all disappear as soon as you meet your friendb."   " my friends," repeated the other; " well,   it will be a bad look-ont for me if i dont get over it before then, for i should have to go back to australia to find them. i don't know a soul in england at present."   "indeed! you have letters of introduction, though, no doubt"   " oh, yes, plenty; but i don't know that i   em. itaj   shall use them. it always seems to me that   presenting letters of introduction is very much like forcing people to be civil to you whether they want to or not i dare say i shall get on all right withou. them. i didn't come home—we always call england 'home,' you know, out in the colonies—11   didn't come   home merely to enjoy myself—though i mean to do that, too, if i can.   "business, i suppose?" suggested the major, in a tone which implied that a mere sense of kindly politeness constrained him to take an interest in the affairs of the stranger —there was so little of a desire to " draw him out" detectable in his well-bred rather languid manner.   "well, yes," replied the young aus tralian slowly, while a new tone of gravity crept into his voice. " i suppose i may say it is business, though certainly of an nnusnal kind. in fact, i don't in the least know how to set abont it now that fm here."   " really ? you have no settled plans then ?"   " not i," said the other. " i thought i would trust to the inspiration of the moment for plans, but the moment has come and the inspiration hasn't."   "i never found the inspiration of the moment to come up to its reputation myself," remarked major gilroy, with his pleasant low laugh.   " it certainly doesn't avail me much now," observed the australian. " dpon my word, if i wasn't afraid it would bote you, i should be tempted to ask your advice ; but that   would be rather too cool"   "not at all," replied the major, politely. " if you think i can be of the slightest service to you my advice is entirely at your disposal. i'm cot inclined to consider it a very valuable article; bnt i dare bay my precepts are better than my example, if that is any recom   mendation."   "you're awfully good," declared the aus tralian, yielding readily to the charm which major gilroy's companionship almost in variably exercised over new acquaintances. " ana 1 think i couldn't do better than take you at your word. the matter is simple enough in itself, but i'm afraid it will be rather difficult of execution. you see it is   this waj?, to put it as shortly as possible. a   dear old chum of mine"—here the strong   voice faltered audibly, and gaveafresh revela tion of character to the listening maj or—" died a few months back in australia, leaving a will in my favour. he had no relatives living, or, at least, none that he cared for, or knew anything of; but on his death-bed he altered his intentions, and asked me to see that half of what he possessed should go to a young lady, whom he had never seen, and of   whom he did not even know the christian name. of course, i promised to do my best, and here 1 am. but, as 1 know nothing more of her than that her name is brand, that her father was, at one time, an officer in the navy, and that her mother (whose maiden name was cunliife) once spent a summer with her parents at some place on the bankb of the thames—i don't know what place twenty years ago, i'm afraid my chanceb of success don't look very hopeful. you see, my poor old friend was very bad when he gave me his directions —and he didn't know very much him self, as he bad lost sight of the parents for very many years. the girl herself may   be dead for all i know. that is just the posi tion. now, you know english ways, and i don't. what would you advise me to do, advertise ?"   "quite an interesting little story," re marked major gilroy. " advertise ? well, i don't know. i think, if i were you, i would not do that just at first. you don't know how this 'merry england' of ours swarms with adventurers, who would think they saw a chance in such an advertisement. the pro bability is you would have shoals of people applying to you and worrying you out of your   life."   " what would you recommend, then ?" questioned philip nottage, for the intelligent reader has doubtless recognised him ere this, of his obliging, new found friend.   "why, i have great faith in ' private enquiry' for matters of this kind," said the   major. "i don't mea   mean a big place like   mellaby's; they have too much on their hands to devote themselves as completely as men who have less to do but there are some remarkably clever fellows working quietly in a small way, who would dis cover what ' old nick' had for supper last night if any one wanted to know, and paid them well enough for finding out."   "my curiosity doebn't lie that way," laughed phil. " but i'm very much obliged to you for the hint, and i bhall certainly avail myself of it. 1 wonder if you could add to the obligation by giving me any idea of the whereabouts of such a man as you speak of."   "there are several," replied the major meditatively. " good men all—any of them might do for you. the best of them all, reynolds, has retired from the business, i believe; but i understand he still under takes a case now and then for any one specially recommended to him. he is a splendid fellow that never misses. i recollect some years ago he undertook a peculiarly delicate case for a friend of mine, and carried it through in a really wonderful manner. i saw a good deal of him then, in connection with that business, and i daresay he would take your job if i introduced you. i can't anbwer for it, thongh. still, if you care to take the chance"   "i shall be only too glad," said phil heartily. "it is more than kind of you to take so much trouble for a stranger, and i'm much obliged to you."   "don't mention it—no trouble at all," responded the major, rising, and going to a table over which a light was now burning. " see, i will write reynolds's address on my card and a line of introduction at the back. i would offer to go with yon, but i am engaged to-morrow until the afternoon, and you will naturally want to go about this in the morning."   "yes. i don't want to lose any time,"   said phil, taking the card, and drawing one ! of his own from his pocket-book. " i shall j go in for my bit of fun when the business ib concluded. iu the meantime i don't think i could settle to anything, even enjoying   myself." !   "no; there's nothing so tryingai   ' the maje   of responsibility," observed the major. " by   jove! it is 9 o'clock, and i'm late for an engagement. i bhall have to wish you good night, bnt i daresay we shall come across each other some time to- morrow. you are staying in the hotel, i suppose ?'   "oh, yes," said phil   " and i, too, jnst at present. my last set of chambers did not altogether snit me, so 1 thought i would put up here while i hunted for fresh ones. i like a taste of hotel life, jubt for a change, occasionally—it is so full of variety and movement. well, now i must   be off. good night. they have a good bur lesque on at the mtuse if you don't feel too tired to go and have a look at it. yon "would just be in lame,"   but phil did not feel inclined to go and have a look at the bnrlesque at the " muss," for, aooth to eay, his heart wa9 full that first night of his sojourn in england of sad me mories of his dead friend and anxious thoughts of ms mission. and he sat quietly smoking and thinking until it was time to go to bed, as though it had been a point of honour with him to taste no pleasure unlil he had, at least, taken one step towards the fulfilment of john leu ham's dying wishes.   meanwhile, maj or gilroy hailed a hansom cab and was driven rapidly to a small quiet looking establishment, known to its habuuts as "hassle's." here he met an individual whom he addressed as reynolds, who laughed a'good deal during the course of their sotto voce conversation, ana finally assured the major that he was the " cleverest one he ever saw, and head and shoulders above the rest of them."       chapter ii the face.   chapter h.   the face.   oil the afternoon of the day following that on which our australian friend philip nottage arrived in london, a yonng girl sat in a pleasant shady nook in one of the   sweetest spots upon the banks of the thames, with a light portable easel erected in front of her, and a box of colours by her side. had fhil seen her, he would have inevitably been reminded of poor lenham's simple description   of the manner in which he haa first met the woman who had spoiled hib life. the roar of the weir was hushed by distance into a lulling murmur; there was a buzz of insects on the warm air; the water sparkled in the full sunshine, and broke into a thousand dazzling ripples when btirred by passing boat or leap ing fish; and the young girl, clad in a plain holland gown and broad-brimmed hat, sat and painted industriously, as though more than mere amusement prompted the exercise of her artistic skill.   it was a pretty bit of work that she was engaged on, and very creditably was it done. just a little indentation in the bank, like a miniature bay, with an old broken punt lying half-stranded on the grassy shore, with a clump of big chaliced li'ies and some tall water-reeds beside it, and a bold group of grotesque-looking pollard willows behind.   two or three times the girl's freah, clear voice rose softly in fragments of song; but on eacb occasion she broke off with an impatient sigh.   " it is no use trying to sing, donald dear," she observed at last, addresing a magnificent dog of the st. bernard breed, which lay stretched out beside her with a superb air of protection. " we can't be merry to-day, can we? we are far too anxious to know what news the pobt is going to bring from mr. ewbank. surely, don, he won't be very hard upon a poor old blind man and a couple of   women!"   don looked up dubiously, or so lena inter preted the expression of his great brown, sleepy eyes.   "you don't trust him ? well, candidly, don, i don't trust him much myself. i'm more tban half inclined to think that mr. jonathan bwbank is capable of any amount of meanness. but to turn us away after all these years, don—to make us leave the dear little old house, and thefieldsaadtheriver, just because we oan't give him his stupid old rent directly it is due—it really seems too bod, doesn't it, you wise old solon of a doggie?"   from this it will readily be seen that miss lena was very young. in the first place, old folks would be too sensible, no doubt, to prattle of their affairs to a dog, even if he looked such an incarnation of sapience as donald did; and, secondly, it is only the young and inexperienced who are dowered with that supreme contempt for money— either their own or other people's.   "just fancy us cooped up in london lodgings, don!" lena went on, after an interval of close attention to work. " how would you like that, pray? no river to swim in—no grass to roll on! and   eerhaps they wouldn't let us keep you in   idgings, either—they might be frightened   of you ! some people are so stupid, aren't they, my beauty ? there don't look so dis mal don—it hasn't come to that yet, and, perhaps, it never will. and now i've finished: and you shall have just one good swim, ana then we will go home, for lknow the poor little mother will be dreadfully nervous and anxious this afternoon."   so saying she gathered together her paint ing paraphernalia, fludg a stick far oat into the stream for don to fetch; and then, when he, panting, and dripping, and delighted, had emerged from the water and given himself a few vigorous shakeb, she confided a share of the burden to his mighty jaws, and the twain set off homewards.   they turned away from the river presently into a charming rural road, with uawthorn and briar hedges set on grassy banks on either band, and here a tall elm, and there a group of glistning poplars, already casting long shadowy outlines of their forms upon the ground.   '' come, don, we will go up the lane. v'« shall get home quicker than by the road," said lena, turning into a narrower way as she spoke. there was only one bouse in the lane, and that was a pretty verandabed villa, standing some distance back in the garden, and having one of its wings thickly embowered in trees, and known by the name of "the laurels." the place looked well kept, but rather deserted and still   " i don't know bow it is, don, bnt i never quite like passing that bouse," lena iaid, softly, talking to ner canine companion, as was her habit. "1 suppose i can't quite get rid of the idea of the madman that that silly susan was gossiping about bome time ago.   why, don, aon't you like it either? come on, sir, ana don't be fancifal"   for a long ridge of hair was slowly riling on don's back from head to tail, and he growled as well as he could with his mouth full of his mistress's belongings.   " why, don, what is it ?" said lena, with a queer little nervous shiver which she could notbuppress—somehow the pleasant, shadowy lane seemed suddenly to have become very dull and lonely. "what is the matter?   bnt following the direction of the dog's in tent gaze she gave a violent start, and a little cry of frignt escaped her. instinctively she sprang back a step and laid her hand upon don is collar.   she had already passed the hous', but not the boundary of the grounds; and there, within the iron fence, not three yards away from her, a man and ghastly face appeared, and gazed at her. only the face was visible. the thick growth of laurestinus and laurel completely concealed the form to which it belonged. it seemed to add to the horror of it—that there was no more than that awful face, gleaming white in the shadow against the dark-green of its setting.   it seemed to lena that what made the face more terrible than all was the look of un naturally aged youth about it. it appeared to be at once the face of a boy ana of an old man. the large sunken eyes shone with   an intense brilliancy from their cavernous depths, and the girl fancied they expressed an intention of pitiful, eager appeal and search for help.   while lena stood immovable in the fasci nation of fright the pale lips of the appari tion moved as though to address her ; but, at the same moment, the face disappeared suddenly as if its owner had been violently dragged away, and a deep, coarse voice muttered something which sounded very like a string of curses.   released from the motionless spell of fear, lena sprang forward and ran for some little distance. indeed, her natural good sense had not conquered her unreasoning terror until she and don had left the lonely lane behind them, and onoe more reached the high road.   ten minutes later she reached a little wicket gate which led into an old- fashioned sort of garden, in which stood a small cottage orrie, its white walls draped with climbing roses and jessamine for summer, and a wealth of virginian creeper to brighten it when the flowers should die.   in the midbt of the fragrance rising from stocks and mignonette, picotees and great pink cabbage-roses, and inhaling the sweet mingled odours with visible delight sat an elderly man, frail-looking and delicate featured, whose eyes turned towards the gravel pathway at the sound of the click of the garden gate, with that pathetically en quiring look which seems to belong so touch ingly and exclusively to the sightless orbs of   the blind.   his face brightened with a look of affection as he recognised the girl's light footstep.   "back again, lena?" he said cheerily. " well, have you finished the picture?"   " all except a little touching up, that i can do quite as well at home, uncle/' replied lena. " it will be ready for mr. brooks in good time. i only wish he would give me another order: but i suppose it is too much to expect. two guineas isn't exactly a fortune, it is true; but every little helps, you know." from which sage remark it may be inferred that a pecuniarily prudent side was gradually developing itself in miss lena's character, in spite of her youthful predisposition to contempt for mammon.   " yes, indeed, child," said her uncle, with a short sigh. " every little helps, and it is well it does, for it is little enough i have been able to do lately."   "nonsense, uncle," replied lena, quickly. " how can you work when you are ill ? now that you are getting better i am ready to become your amanuensis as soon as you want me again, and we shall get through no end of work. ah, there is mamma! come out here, mother dear," bhe added, raising her voice and addressing a pretty little middle aged lady, who appeared in the doorway of the cottage. " come and listen to a thrilling recital of adventure—much too thrilling to be bestowed upon an audience of one. you may will look surprised. don and i have really had an adventure this afternoon!"   " an adventure, lena!" said her mother, anxiously complying with her daughter's re quest, and seating herself on the garden bench beside her brother. " what sort of an adventure, dear? no one has been rude to you, i hope ? you know i never did like your going down to the riverside to paint by   yourself! those bargemen are such dread   fully rough creatures, and really some of the young men who boat have very objectionable   manners!"   " it was neither rowing men nor bargees," laughed lena; then lowering her voice to a whisper of theatrical impressiveness she continued, " but we have seen tie madman / '   "good gracious, lena, what a start you gave me!" cried mrs. brand. " but seriously, my dear, are you not talking non sense ? the madman! there is no madman in our neighbourhood that i am aware of."   " don't you remember suban's gobsip about a madman, some weeks ago, mother? of course you do. the baker's boy had told her an alarming story of how he had seen a mad man running, with his keeper after him, across the grounds of that house in the lane. well, there must have been something in it after all it is all very well for me tolaugh and to pretend to be brave now, but i was horribly frightened at the time. this is how it happened," and she proceeded to describe what she had seen.   "dear me, lena, i don't wonder you were startled!" exclaimed mrs. brand, with a little shudder, "though i don't suppose there was really anything to be frightened at."   "certainly not, mother dear, with the railing between us and don by my side.   but i don't think i took time to con sider whether there was any reasonable ground for alarm," said lena, smiling.   " it must be some harmless imbecile, not bad enough to be shut up in an asylum," observed mr. cunliffe. " no dangeroub madman would be allowed to go about like that.   " well," said lena, musingly, " you will think me very foelish and fanciful, i dare say, but i can't bring myseli to believe that the owner of that face is mad, or even imbecile. it seemed to me that there was a look of eager intelligence in the eyes, and they looked as though they were appealing to me for assistance. i don t think the poor crea ture can be treated kindly either, whoever he is, for he looked so worn and wretched, and i'm certain the man who dragged him awav was swearing at him."   " that is just one of your romantic ideas, i expect, lena," remarked her mother. "ana perhaps the man was not swearing after all. i shonld think such people must be very toying to the temper of their atten dants at times, but i can't believe that any   one could be so brutal as to ill-treat an imbecile. i wonder who the unfortunate man is ?"   "nobody seems to know much about any of the inhabitants of that house," remarked lena. " they say it belongs to two or three london gentlemen, who only come down occasionally. when they do they seem to bring a party with them, for you know that several times, when we have been on the river late in the evening, we have seen the house lit up and heard the click of their   billiard balls and the sound of their voices quite distinctly. well i suppose it is no businessof ours; only i can't help feeling an interest in that unhappy creature. did yon keep a cup of tea for me, mother dear? i'm very thirsty."   " yea, come and i will give it to you," said mrs. brand. "are you going to stay in the garden, james ?"   "for the present," replied mr. cunliffe, "i don't think i feel quite so blind when i am not among my birds and flowers," he added, with a smile, as his sister and niece   left him.   most people, on seeing mrs. brand and lena together, used to remark that the girl would never be half as good-looking as her mother. it was undoubtedly true that lena lacked the beautifully regular features in which margaret brand so strongly resembled her brother; and there was a mignonne love liness stul about the elder lady, which the daughter did not share. but lena was a handsome, lithe-figured girl notwithstanding,   and her rather large month, square chin, and clear grey eyes, spoke to the physiognomist of a good deal more character than the pretty little mother could ever hare possessed.   " haw uncle james been asking any ques tions, mother ?" queried lena, as she sipped   her tea in the little sitting-room.   " no; he has said nothing since you went out, dear." said mrs. brand. " but i can't help thinking he is worrying himself quietly about things. the doctor was so desirous that he should be kept as free from anxiety as possible that i'm glad, we didn't tell him about ewbank's last letter. but of course he knows the rent is long overdue, and he will be eure to mention it before long. oh! dear, lena, what on earth shall we do if ewbank refuses to wait any longer ?"   and mrs. brand began to cry helplessly.   "hope for the best, mother," said lena bravely, putting her strong young arms about her mother's slight form in an encouraging embrace. " and if we have to go let us go cheerfully. but surely mr. ewbank will yield to that letter of yours—he couldn't nelp it. not that i liked asking a favour of the man," she added, hinging her head up with a proud gesture. " and if it had not been for uncle's sake i don't think i could ever have brought myself to agree to your sending it. but as we were never behind hand until this year, and he knows what a long and expensive illness uncle's has been, he will surely have a little consideration. so keep up your courage, mother mine, and don t spoil your pretty eyes by crying."   "you are alwavs bright and hopeful, my lena," said her mother fondly, kissing the   girl's firm smooth cheek." " but see, there   is the postman at the gace with the evening letters. perhaps there is one from mr. ewbank among them. and so there was, but its contents did not justify lena's charitable view—which was not very sincere, it must be owned—of the landlord's character. hie letter entirely ignored sentiment, and merely stated that unless the rent then due was paid within the ensuing month "pro ceedings would be taken"—a threat which was fraught with a vague terror to the two women, whose apprehensions were the more alarming on account of their uncertainty.       chapter iii phil's quest.   chapter iii.   phil s quest.   "no news yet, i suppose?" said major gilroy, enquiringly, one bright morning, abont three weeks later.   " none," responded phil, rather moodily. "i begin to think it is a hopeless case, worked in this way. beynolds seemb con fident enough, but the clues that he has fol   lowed up so far haven't led to anything. i'm ]   old ide:   half inclined to go in for my old idea of j   advertising, after all."   " well, of course, you will do what you think best," said the major, indifferently. " but i pity your sufferings if you do. brand   is not by any meanb an uncommon name, and i you will be having scores of applicants who i will declare that they are the parties you want to find. how are you to identify them, after all, by-the-by ?"   "ihave a miniature," said phil, hesita tingly. i found it in poor lenham's desk, and though he didn't say anything about it to me, i am pretty sure it is the portrait of the mother of the young lady i am trying to   find."   phil always felt a delicacy in speaking of this matter, for he dreaded laying bare the history of his dead friend's sorrowful love before the eyes of any one. perhaps the major guessed at it, but he was too prudent to make any sign.   "that is always something," he said thoughtfully. "still the mother may be dead, or changed beyond recognition. twenty years don't pass over a woman's face without working some alteration, you know. i think if i were in your place i should leave it to beynolds a little longer. another week say. if he hasn't got hold of anything that looks satisfactory by the end of that time i should take it out of his hands, and try some thing else. after all, three weeks is not a   very long time to hunt for people with so   little to i   little to go by."   " no,' said phil, " the fact is i'm absurdly impatient, i know. but the thing is weighing on me, ana i feel as if i had no right to be en joying myself until it is settled. in fact, i aidn't intend to go anywhere or see any thing till it was done; but, as you said, i couldn't do any good by moping over it. beynolds declares he has hunted up all the   antecedents of all the brands and cunhffes in the 'london directory,' and is going to work on the country districts. he seems an intelligent fellow, and 1 buppose i can't do better than leave it to him for a little while longer at any rate. but if he has nothing to report at the end of another .week, 1 shall have to try something else."   it was in phil's rooms that this conversa tion took place. major gilroy had soon found a pleasant set of chambers that suited him, and as the same house contained a com fortable sitting-room and bedroom unoccu   pied at the time, pail had readily availed   himself of the opportunity, and for over a fortnight had lodged beneath the same roof as the major.   phil did not look as though his three weeks' stay in "the metropolis of the world" had done him any good. his face was paler under its tan, and his eyes less bright and eager. this morning, too, there was a sort of langour in the way he moved his limbs, a tone of weariness in his voice as he spoke, symptoms as unfamiliar to him as they seemed out of place in a man of his naturally liealtbful aspect and stalwart physique.   " by jove, how my head aches!" he ex claimed after a pause. " i never knew what a headache felt like till these last few days. i'll tell you what it is, gilroy, i think i shall turn teetotaller!"   "teetotaller!" repeated the major, with his quiet laugh. "by all means, my dear fellow: you couldn't make a better resolu tion. i have made up my mind to become a votary of father matthew myself pretty frequently, but it has always been in the morning, and generally under the influence of the same sort of indisposition that you seem te be suffering from. 1 never found the reso lution last beyond the appearance of the entries at dinner."   "it seems as if it were the only thing left for me," said phil, in a vexed tone. " my confounded brain seems to have become so idiotically weak lately. i flatter myself i am as temperate as most fellows—perhaps more so than most fellows—and yet this is the third time i have got up with a splitting head, and rather a hazy idea as to how i got to bed. if there's one thing more calculated than another to make a man savagely ashamed of himself it's feeling like this."   " you look at it too seriously," said the major, coolly. " i suppose few men who go in tor seeing a little of life escape a trifling excess occasionally."   "but i haven't exceeded," cried phil, with some excitement. "i know, for instance, exactly what 1 took last night. 1 thought, perhaps, the champagne was not up to the mark, and that it had upset me, so 1 took none at dinner yesterday."   " de m/ortvis nh nisi bonum," said the major, solemnly. " it ia customary to blame the ' dead men' whose life was champagne in cases of this kind. they were sound enough.   wilkinson knows better than to send inferior wine to a friend of mine. don't lay the blame on tbe champagne, nottage."   " i can't," replied phil, laughing in spite of   himself at the major's assumed earnestness, " because, as i tell you, i didn't drink any yesterday, and this morning i'm every bit as bad. look here, gilroy, i took a couple of glasses of sherry at dinner and a glass of claret afterwards. at half past 10, soon after we began to play cards, 1 felt thirsty,   and i had a brandy-and-soda—i measured the j brandy as i put it in—it was less than half a wineglassful. that was all i had. now, i ask you, could any man get screwed on that   unless his head was awfully weak ?" _ !   "certainly not, i should say," replied major gilroy, with his pleasant smile. " but you must excuse me, my dear fellow, for remarking that loo in duly is very hotand thirsty work, and it is not remarkable if a   few drinks taken in the heat of the moment should have escaped your memory. besides, you lost, did you not ?"   "well, yeb," admitted nottage. "i generally do for that matter. but i lost a good bit last night. i never was lucky at cards somehow."   " lucky in love, then, of course," said the major lightly. " there is a popular supersti tion that the two never go together, i believe. but what i was going to_ remark, was that men generally do get a trifle reck   less in the matter of drinks when the luck is against them. i am apt to do so myself."   phil was about to protest rather warmly against the tone of calm conviction in which the major ignored his statement of facts, when a hansom was driven up to the door as briskly and neatly as only a london hansom - cabby could do it, and a short natty man bprang out upon the kerb. it was a quiet street, within a few minutes' walk of one of the busiest west-end   thoroughfares, and the noisy tumult of the   traffic reached their ears as a soft and con tinuous humming, upon which bounds near at hand broke with as strong an effect as though upon perfect silence. so that the rattling of the cao drew phil's attention sufficiently to caube him to look out listlessly.   " it's pearce," he remarked, and a moment later that gentleman made his appearance.   " ah, i wanted to see you both, and i'm glad to find you together, said mr. pearce. " i've asked acton and mills to go to the little place up the river to-day—just from friday till monday or tuesday—business men like me can't always pick their own time, you know—but if any one cares to stay longer you'll have to do the honours by yourself, gilroy. it is mutual property, you know, nottage, that little bouse up the river. being both bachelors, gilroy and i rent it between us, and run down for a few days whenever we feel inclined. we haven't been there for a month now, and i'm hanged if i'm going to stand another sunday in london, when rural felicity and a decent atmosphere is to be had. "what do you say—will you come ?"   "of course we will," replied the msyor, "it is just the very thing i was thinking of suggesting to our friend here. a good breath of country air will do you more good than any amount of physic, nottage you will like it, i'm sure, for a few days. it's   pretty place, and you will be able to stretch those long limbs of yours outside of the town, what do you say? "i should like it in mensely," responded phil. " only" .   "it won't incerfere with your business," interrupted the major. "if you see rey nolds to-day, to-morrow will be saturday, and be seldom goes to his office at all on that day, and you can come back to town by an early train on monday, if you like. you had better come, inottage. we shall be a nice little party—just the five of us." _   "you're very kind," said phil. "andit does sound tempting to hear you talk of the country and fresh air. i suppose the major is right, and that i can't do anything towards the work i have in hand during these few days—so i may as well spend them out of london as here."   " you'll come then?" said mr. pearce.   " thanks : i shall be very glad," replied   phil.   " that's all right. now, i'm off. no; i can't stay another moment, n ottage. i'm up to the eyes in business this morning. i'll just wire to ball to have dinner for five at 7 o'clock. we'll all meet at half-past 5 on the platform at waterloo station, eh? that's settled. now, tata for the present—don't be late." and the voluble mr. pearce ran down the stairs and rattled away in hib cab with as   much speed as though his moments had their | tangible equivalent in the currency of the realm, and must on no account be wasted.   "wonderfully energetic fellow, pearce," remarked the major languidly, as mr. pearce took his departure. "he is always in a hurry until late in the afternoon. rather unlike me, you are thinking? yes, i'm lazy by nature and choice. i left the army as soon as i had enough to live upon without it. whereas pearce is never so happy as when his hands are full, and he hasn't a minute to   call his own."   " what is he? what does he do, i mean?" asked phil, who during rather more than a fortnight's acquaintance with the energetic mr. pearce bad never heard the latter's absorbing occupations particularized.   " pearce ? oh, he calls himbelf a financier, i believe. always has the state of the money market at his hngers' ends, and talks of stocks and shares in a manner which is very bewildering to an unbusinesslike head, such as mine is. but he is a capital fellow out of business hours, and he and i pull together very well. you see, we are old friends, and as neither of us has any family ties, we seem to cling to each other for the sake of ' auld ladg syne.'"   there was a touch of sentimentality about the conclusion of tbe major's little speech   which somehow struck phil with a sense of unreality. it was not the first .time that he had experienced such a sensation during the past week. it was most unworthy of him, he told himself, to harbour for a moment any suspicion of the sincerity of one who had treated him with so much kindness since his arrival, as a perfect stranger, in london—one who was so evidently a gentleman, and who had done so much to assist him in various   ways. still, he could not altogether shake off j an undefinable feeling in regard to most of bis new friends—a sort of doubt as to their genuineness, which he assured himself was as unreasonable as it was unfounded.   " the fact is," he thought, "lama fool to expect the rough frankness of the bush in the heart of civilization. i suspect it is nothing more than my own want of polish that makes   me doubtful of those who possess it."   but pbil had a real anxiety in the state of his health. he could not for his life under stand what bad come to him. it was horribly humiliating to him to think that he had been betrayed into drinking too much   wine. yet how otherwise account for it? up to a certain point, on each evening when this had happened, he could afterwards recall with the most perfect distinctness all   that had occurred, but beyond that point ail drew hazy and indistinct. he could not accept the major's view that he had drank more than was good for him without being conscious of it. that seemed impossible: bat if it were the case, why, he would give up drinking wine altogether rather than allow himself to get beyond his own control in so shameful a manner. he   thought of his dear old mother, with her silvery hair and gentle eyes, and of his dead hero and friend, john lenham. he won dered, with a strange clutching at his heart, what either of them would have said, had they seen him reeling to his bed in a state of intoxication. for that was the actual state of the case. ho wever much or however little be bad taken, he had been intoxicated. poor phil loathed himself for this with a sickness of sbame that to many might seem strange in a full-grown man of six-and-twenty. but phil, you see, had, for many years, owned for friend and ideal a man who held that for one created in the image of the creator to voluntarily lower himself below the level of the brutes that peiish was at once, an insult to his maker and an ineffaceable dis grace to his own manhood.   however,! on the following morning he awoke bright and fresh and in better spirits than had attended his waking honrs for some days past. mrs. pearce's programme for the previous evening had been fully carried out: and the party of five gentlemen had arrived at the bouse " up tbe river" (no other than   the house standing in the lane, with which we have become already acquainted in com pany with lena and donald) in time for a pleasant dinner, carefully cooked by mrs. ball, who with her husband always resided there " to look after the place."   after dinner there had been a quiet row ou the river, a game at pool in the billiard room, ana a rubber of whist to finish; after which phil had retired, in full possession of bis faculties, and with the sense of having spent a very pleasant evening.   "it must have been the london atmo sphere," phil thought, as he dressed himself at an hour when nis friends were sleeping as though the night were still young. " the wine i took last night did me no barm, any how. "i declare, if it had, i would have ful filled my threat, and turned teetotaller!"   feeling, it mubt be owned, a good deal relieved that the fulfilment of this threat did not seem to be forced upon him by any moral obligation, the young australian sallied forth to make his first acquaintance with the dewy delights of an english morning in full summer. having made a tour of the large garden, which led down to the river's ed»e, he found a small door in the boundary wall   this was unlocked, and he passed through, to find himself iu a narrow rustic path, on the opposite side of which a wooden stile led into an open meadow.   phil drew deep breathe of the sweet air as he strode along, and presently finding another stile, whose broad and well-worn topmost bar seemed to offer an inviting resting-place, he climbed up and seated himself thereon, taking off his hat to let the river breezes play among the little close brown curls that covered bis head.   " i've seen most of the london sights by this time," he soliloquized, " but this comes   up to my notion of england better than any   of them."   a skylark rose from the grasshot far away, and mounting towards the pale blue of tne morning sky shook forth from its tiny throat such a ravishing shower of melody as held phil bound in a spell of wonder and delight. the river flowed on, broad and serene, pearly grey in the shadow and mellowish silver in the early sunlight. here and there, in the hollows among the trees, thin remnants of mist were gradually floating upwards and disappearing, as though they had been dreams fleeing from the earth at the growth of day. a myriad wild flowers grew among the rich grass of the spreading meadows, and the   sweet-scented honeysuckle clambered over the hedges among tne pink and white dog roses. a few fields further on the grass was cut, and lay in fragrant piles upon the ground.   "no wonder poor old lenham loved the river," murmured phil, as he drank it all in in deep, refreshing draughts of beauty.   meanwhile lena was also taking a morn ing stroll. it was a habit of hers, and as she had slept but little the previous night (from anxieties with which the reader is already acquainted) she was glad to go and give don an early swim in the river.   at last, thinking it was time she returned in order to be at home for an 8 o'clock break   fast, she retraced her steps across the meadows, and soon descried an obstacle to her passage of the next stile.   the obstacle consisted of nothing lesb than a broad, tweed-covered back, surmounted by a well-shaped, curly-haired head. the indi   vidual to whom the back and the head belonged was singing softly to himself in a not unmelodious voice, am1 ..evidently did not hear her approaching footsteps.   " it is very awkward," lena thought, as she paused immediately behind him, smiling a little at the situation, while don watched with an enquiring look as if to ask whether the btranger were not taking an unwarrant able liberty, and one deserving of summary | chastisement, in thus blocking their way.   " however, i havn't time togo round, so i must ask him to move." whereupon she advanced a step, and said politely, " i beg your pardon, but will you kindly allow me to   pass?   tbe start with which phil sprang to his feet at the sound of the clear young voice was something to see. it provoked a suspicious growl from don, and a very bright smile from his young mistress. , j   " a thousand pardons '." cried phil, with a bow. (he coula not lift his hat, for his head was bare, and the covering that belonged to it had now rolled to a considerable distance.) "how could i be so stupid? pray forgive me. i had no idea there was any one in the neighbourhood except myself."   " it's of no consequence. 1 am sorry i wab compelled to disturb .you," said lena, mounting the low stile with the firm, assured step of one well accustomed to the exigencies of country walks. the stranger held out his band to assist her, and accepting his proffered, but quite needless, aid with graceful simplicity, she gave him a pretty little bow and another smile, and calling to ber dog walked briskly away.   " it only needed that touch of life to make the picture perfect," phil said to himself as he watched the lithe, erect figure retreating in the distance. "what a pretty, bright looking girl! now, i admire that style more than that of any of the famous london beauties gilroy pointed out to me in the park the other day!. i wonder what sort of a girl miss brand will be when i find her, if i ever do. perhaps a heartless, frivolous coquette like her mother was!"   half an hour afterwards phil re-entered the little door in the boundary-wall, and, turning to tbe right, made his way towards the house by winding, moss- grown paths leading through a thick shrubbery, composed of laurel, bay, box, and laurestinas. when at last he emerged from the dense growth be found himself beside the house indeed, but a   eart of it which ha had not seen before. " i   ad no idea the house extended so far in this   direction," he thought. "one would never guesb at the existence of this part unless one came upon it like this. ana how dark and dismal it looks, all smothered in trees in thib way. can't be very healthy, i should think. perhaps they don't use this wing, though."   just as he was turning on his heel to go away he heard a faint sound at one of the windows above. looking up quickly, he was startled by the sight of a white face peering down at him. a voice uttered   hush-sh," in a warning whisper, something fell at his feet, and immediately the face dis appeared.   half stupefied by surprise, phil stooped to pick up the small object which had fallen. it proved to be a piece of white paper, wrapped round a man's gold sleeve-button, and on the paper these words had been hurriedly tracea in penciltake care. you are in a den of thieves. mind what you drink, and don't touch the water in your bed room. be here to-morrow morning at 5 o'clock without fail. it is a matter of life and death. no time for more. i hear them coming."       chapter iv unravelling the skein.   chapter iv.   unravelling the skein.   to say that philip nottage re-entered the house and sought the privacy of his own apartment in a sort of trance of wonder, astonishment, and curiosity, would hardly be   an adequate expression of his state of mind.   what could it all mean? to whom did that eager face—so wan and ghastly, so thin and worn—belong ? from whom did this strange warning come? "in a den of thieves !" "but that is absurd, preposterous!" he thought, as he read the scrap of writing over and over again. who are the thieves, if this is their den? gilroy and fearce, i suppose, and perhaps that sour-looking old ball into the bargain. well, they certainly don't look any more like thieveb than this   fileasant house looks like a robber's cave!   t's too ridiculous altogether! it must be a   ioke? "that's it, no doubt," he muttered, pacing the floor in his excitement. " some of them are amusing themselves by playing off a stupid practical joke at my expense. well, they shan't get any more change out of me than i can help, i'm determined. i'll look as though nothing had happened to-day; and i'll turn up there to-morrow morning at the time mentioned, just to see what they are up to. and yet it seems an odd subject to choose for a joke; and there wasn't much appearance of fun in that face i saw at the window, either."   " how odd, too," he mused, flinging him self into a chair again, "that there should be that allusion to the drink." " mind what you drink!" a caution that i've been pretty constantly administering to myself during the best part of the past week! " don t touch the water in your bedroom!" well, that's queer! do they want me to believe that i am the victim of a poisoning plot? anyhow i drank a tumblerful of water from this water-bottle last night, and i don't feel any worse for it—so that caution isn't worth much!"   here he bethought himself of examining the gold sleeve-button, which he had hastily thrubt into his ;pocket. it was a flat dibc of dull gold, upon which was engraved the letter v, surmounted by a coronet. this was a fresh discovery; but, as it did not seem at present to throw any light upon the rest, phil laid it carefully away together with the scrap of paper in his pocketbook ; and then sauntered down to breakfast with an air of unconcern that did great credit to   his hitherto untried powerb of dissimulation.   the meal passed over agreeably enough. phil fancied, however (was it only fancy ? he asked himself afterwards), that a faint shade of apprehension or displeasure appeared simultaneously upon the faces of major gilroy and mr. pearce when he casually observed that be had got up early, and had pleasurably employed his time by taking a stroll and exploring the premises,   "ho idea you were suoh an early riser, nottage," exclaimed mr. fearce in his quick, voluble way. "here are mills and acton both ready to eat me for insisting upon having breakfast at 9. quite late enough i say, for any one who isn't a regular drone in the hive. but why didn't you tell them to call me? i should have enjoyed an early ramble of all things; and it must have been dull work for you, finding your way about alone. mind you let me know in future, and i'll go with you like a bird,"   "thanks, said phil, diplomatically, with the morrow's early appointment in his mind. "i won't fail to avail myself of your company another time." (it is astonishing, by-tlie way, how hypocritical the frankest natures may become at times under the influence of exceptional temptation. our usually straight forward friend philip nottage just now pre sents a case in point. )   " i want to walk over to the town to send a telegram," mr. pearce observed, as they robe from the table. " will you come, nottage ? or do you prefer to stop and fish ? there's the punt for any one who wants it, and mills is sure to go. he's a regular izxak walton."   "thanks; i'll go with you," said phil. " i should like to see the neighbourhood, and it's a glorious morning for walking."   so they two started off together and made for the town—an old, picturesque- looking aggregation of buildings clustered about a stony high-btreet, where flourished the shops that supplied the various needs of the sur rounding population. their way lay along pleasant roads, with pretty dwellings   scattered at intervals on either hand. one cottage in particular took phil's fancy—less, perhaps, on account of the charms of its green-clad walls and quaint, old-fashioned garden, than because a large st. bernards aog lay lazily stretched out upon the small emerald lawn—a dog which if not the same, was, at least, the exact counterpart of the canine companion of that bright-looking girl whose path phil had   blocked a few hours before. as a matter of fact, philip had two unacknowledged motives in taking this walk with mr. pearce in addition to his natural wish to become better acquainted with so charming a locality. one of these was the desire to remove himself,   for a time, from the tantalizing vicinity of a mystery he was unable to fathom; the other was a foolish half-hope that a kindly fate might let kim look once more upon that fair young specimen of sweet english girlhood, whose pretty face had gladdened his heart for one brief moment already that sunny july day.   arrived at the town, phil paused at a stationer's window, attracted by a little water-colour sketch therein exposed for sale. mr. pearce left him looking at it, while he went off to send hib telegram. " that would make a pretty little souvenir of the river" phil thought. " and the mother would like it. i suppose it is for sale."   oh, yes, the picture was for sale, the stationer said in response to his enquiry, and a very clever little sketch it was. the price three guineas, and very cheap at the figure.   phil took the picture iu his hand to ex amine it more closely, and holding it to the light read the name of the artisttraced across a dark corner. thatnamewas "lenabrand."   perhaps philip's nerves were rather un strung that day, for at the sight of the secon1 name he nearly let the picture fall to the floor. " thank you, hi take it," he said, laying the money on the counter. "does the artist live near here, do you know?"   "oh, yes. sir," replied the stationer, in high good-huinour at his modest so per cent, profit, and really desirous of doing what he could for miss brand (and himself) in the way of securing further custom. the young lady who does these clever sketches for me lives only a short distance out of the town—riverdale cottage. i have no doubt she would he willing to undertake a commis sion from you, sir, if you cared to order a companion picture to the one you have bought. may i tell her so, sir?"   but almost before the good man had finished speaking his new customer was striding along the high-street at the full speed of his long legs, oblivious of mr. pearce and every thing else except that fortune had suddenly flung, as it were, a cine to the object of his quebt into his very hands.   he needed no more explicit directions. " riverdale cottage" was the name he had seen painted upon the posts of the little white gate that led into the old-fashioned garden where the big dog lay asleep when he had passed with his companion a while   ago.   "lena brand," he muttered as he strode along, " an that be the name of that pretty nymph of the meadows i had the lack to catch a glimpse of this morning? can she be the very girl i am hunting for, and is my search at an end? ho, no, not very pro bable—it would be too much like a story! steady, phil, my boy, you're letting your imagination run away with you. it doesn't   follow that because the fair artist's name is brand she must he the person you are in   search of!"   nevertheless the young man's heart beat high with excitement, and it was only by a strong effort that he composed himself into a semblance of calmness as he entered the little gate of riverdale cottage. his sum mons brought a very youthful, roby-cheeked serving-maid to the door.   " 1 beg yonr pardon, but will you kindly inform me who lives in this house?" he said.   the little maid's round eyeb seemed to grow rounder as she replied,   "who lives here, sir? why, mr. cun liffeand mrs. brand, and miss lena. did you want to see the master, sir ?"   for a moment phil could hardly speak. .surely he was on the right track now. cunliffe had been the maiden name of poor lenham'8 faithless love. doubtless she bad lost her husband, and was living with one of the members of her own family.   " did you want to see the master, sir ?" the little maid repeated, gazing at the stranger with as much stolid surprise as those round eyes of hers were capable of expressing.   " yes—no!" said phil, pulling himself to gether. " that is, i should like to see mrs. brand. will you give her that card, and say that i should be much obliged if she would   give me a few moments' conversation f '   the little maid once more examined him   attentively from head to foot, and then, as if deciding that he looked as though he might be trusted, invited him to take a seat while she went in search of her mistress.   phil sat down in the little oarlour and waited. the room was simply and even poorly, furnished, bearing plain evidence of very straitened circnmbtance, bnt it was a pretty little apartment for all that. the chintz coverings and curtains were clean and fresh-looking, a group of delicate ferns stood in the window, newly cut blossoms filled the modest vases, and some dainty scraps of artistic needlework and a few water-colour sketches on the walls went to make up a far prettier and more cheerful picture than is presented by many a costly and highly ornamented drawing-room.   the little maid found her mistress in the garden at the back of the house busily en gaged in gathering french-beans for their early dinner. on being informed that a strange gentleman wished to speak to her, the poor little lady started and turned pale.   she decided at once that the stranger must be some emissary of the terrible mr. ewbank, and that the threatened " proceedings" were to be taken immediately.   she cast a despairing look in the direction of the little arbour, where lena bat busily writing at her uncle's dictation. she would have dearly liked to call her daughter to her assistance, but that would probably check the blind man's flow of thought, on which their existence mainly depended, and might also arouse his curiosity and lead to ques tions which could only renew the brain trouble consequent upon his long and sight destroying illness, which had already re duced them to such distress.   "no, we will keep him in ignorance as long as we can, and when we can do so no longer, then god help us!" she thought, feel ing very mnch inclined to have a good cry. however, as that was a luxury on no account to be indulged in at the moment, she handed her basket to the round-eyed susan, and bidding her finish her interrupted task, made her way into the house in fear and trembling. mrs. brand tried tolookdignifiedassheturaed the handle of the parlour-door, but dignity was not hei strong point, and it was a pale,   f;racefult rather frigntened-looking, but very   ovely piece of middle-aged womanhood that   confronted phil's enquiring gaze.   there was something reassuring about the good-natured aspect of the stranger's bronzed and bearded face, but the way in which he stood looking from her to something which he held in nis hand, and then back again was just a trifle disconcerting. twenty years had not made any very great diffe rence in mrs. brand's fair face, and phil, the resemblance to the miniature as strong as he could wish, had no longer any doubt in his mind, as he said,   " you will pardon this intrusion, madam, when you have learnt the importance of the business that bring me here. in the mean time 1 must beg of you to answer me a few questions without reserve, assuring you that i ask them in your own interest."   "excuse me, before we go any farther," interrupted mrs. brand, anxiously, "you have been sent here by mr. ewbank, i pre sume ?"   " mr. ewbank!" repeated phil in surprise. "no, indeed, madam. iam not acquainted with any person of that name."   the widow drew a breath of relief, and begging her visitor to be seated, sat down opposite to him wondering what was coming   next.   " i am quite ready now to answer _ any questions you desire to put," she said, with a gracious little inclination of her head.   " in the first place, then," said phil, trying to be as business-like as possible, "i am not mistaken in supposing that i am address ing mis. brand ?"   " that is my name."   "have you any objection to inform me what your maiden name was ?"   " not in tlie least—it was cunliffe." " you have a daughter t"   " yes," said mrs. brand, looking more sur prised every moment.   " one more question. did you ever know anybody of the name of lenham ?"   the blood rushed over the widow's pretty pale fac6.   i knew a gentleman called lenham—john lenham—very many years ago," she said tremulously. " he was a very dear friend once, but lie went abroad—to australia, i believe—and i have heard nothing of him for twenty years. do you know him? ah! i see you do," she went on, eagerly and agi tatedly. " tell me, is he alive and well ? is he never coming home to see his friends again ?"   " never again," said phil solemnly. " john lenham is dead, mrs. brand."   he was angry with her—this lovely, weak looking little woman, who had played with hib friend's great noble heart, and stolen all the brightness out of his life—bitterly angry, although it had been so long ago, while he himself was but a child in the nursery. still he could not help being sorry that he had told his news so abruptly when he saw how her lips quivered and now the tears gathered thickly in her soft, gentle eyes.   "excuse me," she said presently, master ing her emotion as well as she could, which was not very well, by-the-bv, for it seemed absurd to imagine little mrs. brand mastering anything. "but i told you john lenham was a very dear friend, and 1 cannot hear of his death without the deepest regret. it does not lessen my regret to remember that we parted through a misunderstanding that was never cleared up, and that he must always have believed me to have been more to blame than i really was."   here she stopped in some embarrassment, and phil said, gravely—   "lenham was a very dear friend of mine also, mrs. brand. he once saved my life, and did more for me in other ways than i coiad ever tell. he spoke of yon to me, for the first time, upon his deathbed six months ago: and he th en gave me a commission   vnic"   which i am at last fortunately able to exe   cute. i came from australia to find you—or rather your daughter, for it is to her that my business relates—but until to-day i was unsuccessful. this morning, however, by means of this sketch, purchased in the town close by, i have been able to trace you. by my friend lenham's will all his property—it was not a very large property, i should tell you—was left to me unconditionally; but a few hours before hib death, when his mind was full of the past, he told me that he should lise the half of what he left to go to your daughter, the remainder to be my own. he did not wish to alter his will, he said, but   would trust me to fulfil his wibhes. i need not tell you, mrs. brand, that i am here for the purpose of doing so. when lenham's property was realized it amounted to £8,s00. your daughter is, therefore, entitled to re ceive the sum of £4,150 as soon as she comeb of |age. in the meantime i am prepared to hand over whatever sum may seem advisable   at onoe.   it is donbtful whether mrs. brand heard the close of phil's matter-of-fact statement. in the tumult of her feelings the little lady was now sobbing unrestrainedly. much to phil's confusion and consternation she seized his large brown right hand and kissed it, and then ran wildly out of the room, calling "lena, lena," in a voice choking with mingled joy and sorrow.   "an excitable little person," soliloquized phil, thus left alone, " but perhaps it is ex cusable under the circumstances.   it was more than excusable had he known all, for john lenham had been driven from her side by calumny, and gone away, she knew not where: and though the weak, con fiding ;girl hod become the wife of henry brand, he had never held the place of her first love in her heart. again, phil did not then know from what overwhelming anxieties the prospect of a little money relieved this impoverished family. but that and very much more was told and discussed duringthe next two hours, in the course of which phil had found, as he half hoped, the "nymph of the meadows" in the person of the painter of his picture; heard of lena's encounter with the white face in the lane; made varihus reso lutions ; and finally taken his lunch at the early dinner table at the cottage, at which lena's health, in her new character of heiress, was enthusiastically proposed by her blind uncle, and as enthusiastically drunk by the rest of the party.       chapter v conclusion.   chapter v.   foremost among the resolutions which phil formed at riverdale cottage ranked a determination to say nothing for the present about his discovery to either the major or mr. pearce. he could hardly explain to him self why he made this resolve. it was cer tainly showing a strange want of confidence in the friends who had so kindly interested themselves in his behalf, but he fancied the peculiarity of the circumstances warranted   it. when the brands heard where he was staying, and lena had frankly asked him about the face that had so startled her he   had said that he did not know much about it, but surmised that it might belong to some individual of weak intellect connected with one of the owners of the place. but that explanation did not by any means satisfy himbelf, and he resolved to be on his guard, and come to the bottom of the mystery, if mystery there were, as soon as possible.   it was partly in pursuance of some half formed plans that, instead of returning to the laurels by the front entrance, he turned down the narrow path which led to the water's edge, and entered the grounds by the door in the boundary-wall through which he had passed in the morning. " i feel rather ashamed of myself, sneaking in by the back way!" he said to himself, as ne did so. " but one can't act straightforwardly in an at mosphere of mybtery. like this.   as he beared the house, he heard voices, apparently in altercation, issuing from the open window of a little room which he had been informed was the major's study." his path lay just beneath it, and, as he passed he heard the deep, rough tones of ball, saying, in a manner very different from hib ordinary civility,   "well, you'll have to do something. i'm not going to have the young chap dying on my hands—he's not far off it, i can tell you; and it's none of your fault if he isn't down right mad, by tins time. he's had enough to make him."   " ball, you're a fool!" said the major's quiet voice; and by this time phil, had passed the window, and distinguished no more. much as he would have liked to hear the rest of the conversation, he could not bring himself to stop and deliberately listen; so he strolled on towards the wide-fiung glass doors of the billiard-room, whence sounded the constant clash of the ivory balls.   here he found acton and mills playing pyramids, having returned from fishing before lunch.   "hallo, nottage!" cried mills. "what on earth have you been doing with yourself?   pearce came in as black as a thundercloud, i and swore you'd given him the slip."   philip laughed.   " the fact ia i owe pearce an apology," he said. " i certainly have behaved most awfully badlv. i bought a little sketch of the river at the stationer's in the town, and he kindly recommended me to an artist of whom i could order some more. i never thought of waiting to tell pearce where i was off to, making sure that he would come on without me. after completing my busi ness, i was asked to stay to lunch; and my host proved to be such a delightful old gentleman that i hadn't the heart to refuse."   " old gentleman!" repeated mr. mills solemnly.   "old gentleman!" also remarked mr. acton, carefully laying the well-chalked tip of his cue along the side of his somewhat   erominent nose. " oh, well, here's pearce   imself, so perhaps you had better explain."   "so you've turned up at last, hlottage," remarked mr. pearce rather sulkily. but phil repeated his explanation with so much good-humoured apology that the other soon allowed himself to be mollified—at least, to all appearance. after which they made up a pool, and phil being but an unskilful hand with a cue, in comparison with these veterans of the green cloth, lost life after life, until the summer afternoon was spent, and a good deal of australian money also. the three others each did well, and mills and acton were in high spirits by dinner-time. i have   not said much about these two individuals, { for they are not of much importance to the story. however, one of them was a rather flashy young stockbroker, and the other a somewhat older lawyer of pronounced sport ing proclivities. they were both " fast and not over-refined; but they were fairly good   fellows at bottom, and though they dearly j loved high play and reckless betting, neither of them would have taken a mean advantage or done a dishonest action. _   phil took very little wine at dinner, re   fardless of the hospitable expostulations of   is hosts, but he rose from the table with a   burning thirst for which he could not   account. very early in the evening play j began at a card table—not for very high stakes—the major always said he objected to very high stakes on principle,   which had caused phil to wonder more than once on the following morning how he had contrived to lose as much as he had. later in the evenings his head had several times   grown dazed and confused, and he had not been j   able afterwards to remember how the stakes had gradually risen higher and higher as the hours went on.   phil thought he noticed a sullen expression on ball's face as he waited at dinner, and afterwards he felt sure that he surprised a look indicative of smouldering resentment and rebellion flung at the unconscious major, as the man retired after placing decanters of spirits, an ice-pail, and numerous bottles of aerated waters, together with several tall tumblers, on the side table. the night   was hot, and phil was, as i have said, unaccountably thirsty. a bottle of seltzer afforded only a temporary relief, and it was   not very long before, partly interested j   in the chances of the game and   amused by the talk and laughter, philip momentarily forgot the strange warning he had received, and drained "a glass of soda just dashed with the craythnr," as mr. pearce facetiously observed as he handed it   to him.   no sooner had he done so than the fumes seemed to begin to mount to his brain. once   more he began to realize that he was falling into a condition of partial intoxication. once more a senbe of confusion began to take hold of him, together with a feeling of strange ex citement. phil felt that if he did not use his   faculties at once they would pass beyond his power of control; so with a tremendous effort of will he rose from the table and said steadily, though somewhat thickly,   " you 11 excuse me, but i can t play a . more to-night. i'm tired and seedy, and i'm off to bed. you won't mind, gilroy—you know you brought me down here for the benefit of my health. good night."   mills and acton protested clamorously. pearce and gilroy exchanged a look.   " ob, come, isay, nottage, none of that," said mr. pearce, following the young man to the door and catching him by the arm. "that's what i call downright shabby be haviour—leaving me in the lurch this morn ing, and sneaking off to bed before the evening is half over, like this. we're not   going to let you off in this way. come back   and keep the game up. if the luck isn't good enough for you, it will change pre sently."   the covert sneer in these labt words made phil's blood boil in the excitement of his brain he felt a sudden and unaccountable   abhorrence of the voluble, dapper, little man beside him. it was all he could do to say quietly, as he shook him off,   "i don't care to play any more. i don't feel well, and i am going to'bed. have you any more objections to offer?"   " oh not of course not, if you're in earnest. didn't think you meant it. of course if you're ill you'd better go to bed. ring for ball if you want anything. good night."   there was rather a dangerous gleam in nottage's eyes, mr. pearce fancied—a gleam which made him deem it advisable not to thwart his colonial visitor.   "fool! he shall suffer for thib," sounded   in major gilroy's suave tones in pearce's ear as he resumed his place at the card table.   "awfully weak head, that fellow not tage," remarked mr. mills as he shuffled the cards. " never baw any one get squiffy on so little as he does. i've noticed it beveral times. haven't you observed it, gilroy ?"   " yes," replied the major, " our australian j   friend certainly does seem to be very easily   affected. it's a question of temperament, i! buppose."   meantime phil, with a strong conscious effort of determination, reached his room, locked the door, and immediately plunged   his head and face into a basin of cold water. this treatment many timeb repeated seemed to have the effect of partially removing the   confusion of his faculties, but an unnatural | excitement and burning thirst still remained. he poured out a glass of water, and then, suddenly remembering the caution he had received refrained from drinking. was it only his imagination, or was there a faint, sickly odour proceeding from that water ?   " there is some devilry at work here," he thought, as he put it down. "i shall clear out of this to-morrow, but i'll investigate matters a little first. i don't quite see what it means at present. is it the habit of my   hosts to try to poison their guests by slow ] degrees, i wonder ? anyhow, i must get my head cool again before i can do anything at present it throbs like a steam-engine. i roust get out into the open air a little; the house seems suffocating."   he was making for the door when he re collected that he would certainly be seen and accosted by some of the party if he crossed the hall and passed the open door of the room where the card-players sat. the window was no great distance from the ground, and the fairly-strong branches of an ancient myrtle that was trained against the   wall assisted him in making a rapid and noiseless descent to the garden below. wan dering silently about, he came upoh a gar dener's watering-can which had been care lessly left at the side of a path full of water that glistened temptingly in the moonlight. he was too burningly thirsty to be particular, and raising the large green can to his lips he took a long, refreshing draught. after this a drowsy sort of feeling super vened, and he flung himself down upon the cool dewy grass in the black shadow behind a fern-covered rockery, and fell into a feverish   doze.   he was roused by the low murmur of voices close beside him, and the scent of cigars upon the still night air. he raised himself upon his elbow and looked over the low rockery. just at the other side of it, on a rustic seat, sat two male figures with their backs turned towards him.   " what was that ?" asked the major's voice sharply.   "a frog jumping away there under the bushes," was the reply in pearce's tones. " you're losing your nerve i think, gilroy. what's come to you ?"   "i don't know, i'm sure; a little out of sorts perhaps," said gilroy, uneasily. " i've had rather an awkward time of it to-day with ball, pearce. his wife has taken some ideas into her head—women are such idiots—and she has been working on his feelings i fancy. anyhow, he threatens to split abont val nought, unless we come down at once with £500 and let him leave the country. he says it's his firm belief that the lad is dying, and he swears he won't have it happen on his hands.'   mr. pearce muttered a curse.   "it can't be done," he said, "unlesswe can get it out of nottage. that fellow isn't turning out well at all. it is such devilish hard work to get him to drink, and even the two doses of physic i gave him to-night didn't have the right effect. he must be as strong as a horse, and as pig-headed as a mule, confound_ him." (there is   an old   proverb about listeners; but phil was so placed that he decided that eavesdropping was quite justifiable, and he fully appre ciated the vindictive vehemence of mr. pearce's remark.) " he's a quixotic young ass1" observed the major, between the puffs of his cigar. " fancy any man being in. such a deuce of a hurry to get rid of money that legally belongs to him alone 1 i've no patience with such folly: however, he seems set upon it, and it's of no mortal use to go against him; but i haven't abandoned the hope of getting hold of a good bit of it our selves. reynolds has been bleeding him finely " for expenses;" bnt that won't last very long, for he means to take it oat of his hands if nothing tnrnb up next week—as, of course, nothing will."   "i'm inclined to think our australian friend would prove an ugly customer if be found out how he has been bamboozled, in spite of bis good-nature," said mr. pearce, thoughtfully. "however, we must make bay while tne sun shines. it won't do to let the pigeon fly until we've plucked him a good deal cleaner.   with which remark mr. pearce rose, and accompanied by his worthy friend mgjor gilroy, returned to the house and left philip   to bis meditations.   in the early dawn the inhabitants of riverdale cottage were roused from their slumbers by an impatient summons. mrs, brand war. the first to hear it, and when, after   hastily robing herself, she opened the front | door, her eyes were greeted by a strange sight.   lying in a long, light cane chair, in which he had evidently been carried, was a young man, much emaciated, and very pale—bis face, worn as though by mental as well as physical suffering. ball and his wife, and our friend philip completed the groap.   "mrs. brand, i hardly know how to apologize for knocking you up at this un earthly hour, but it is a matter of great im portance," phil said, hurriedly. "miss brand has seen this gentleman before, and i want to claim your hospitality for him. he is ill, as you see, and i cannot move him further. see—i believe he is fainting now." i   it was true enongh, and mrs. brand's sympathies were quickly roused, and the stranger was carried straight to a neat little chamber and laid upon the bed, where he soon afterwards revived. leaving mtb. ball (late cook and housekeeper at " the laurels") in charge of the patient, philip dispatched ball to the town for a doctor. on his return the two went back to "the laurels," and bearded mr. pearce and " the major " in their private apartments.   it is needless to enter into all the details of | the stormy explanations which ensued. the detected reprobates tried to bluster it   out at first; but when they learnt that the j unhappy young lord valnonght had already been removed from their clutches, they gave it up, and sullenly accepted the conditions imposed upon them.   *- i don't whether i'm doing right in not handing you over to the law," phil sain, sternly. " such scoundrels as you are ought to be punished. but i don't care to be hard upon men with whom i have eaten and drank, and whom i believed once   to be honourabfe gentlemen. so sign this   confession which i ve drawn up here, and i'll let you off; but mind, if i ever hear of   either of you being np to snch rascality again | i'll make the whole thing public. ho you understand?"   the statement phil had hastily drawn up was to the effect that " major" gilroy ana mr. pearce had for some years past made a   practice of enticing yc^ng men of fortune to drink to excess in order that they might cheat them out of their money at cards   with impunity; that when they conld   the   not induce them to drink immoderately   they had resort to drugs, as in the case of philip nottage himself ; that the pleasant house "up the river" nad been constantly   used for this purpose; and that, finally, the j   valnoi   young lord valnought, having fallen into   their company over some betting transac tion, had been carried to " the laurels" and kept there for several monthb—being never allowed (until qnite recently, when the state of his health began to cause his destroyers some alarm) to emerge from a maudlin, semi comatose state in which he was kept by the combined influence of alcohol and drugs.   in the meantime he had been forced to   sign his name to orders for large sums of money, which his persecutors managed to have presented as though coming from abroad—while his heart-broken mother and grieving mends were led to believe that the youthful viscount was spending his sub stance in disreputable and riotous living   under an assumed name in some continental   %   all bnt ball, who had to be ad   mitted into their infamous confi   dence, the youug nobleman was repre sented as being an imbecile kinsman of pearce's, but mrs. ball, as gilroy had said, once getting a suspicion of the truth, had given her husband no peace on the subject. indeed, in justice to the man him self, it must be admitted that ball's con   science had long smitten him for the cruelty i   of the transaction in which he had engaged, and he was beginning to relax the vigilance of his guard over the yoang man when mr. nottage claimed his assistance for the exe cution of his energetic plans. reynolds, the " bogus" private detective was, of course, in league with pearce and guroy, and it appeared that the latter made a pretty con stant practice of hanging about fashionable hotels, in order to beguile the unwary with his polished manner and distinguished ap pearance, a manner and .appearance whioh had made him welcome in many an unsus pecting london drawing-room.   acton and mills were much astonished and horrified on learning the true character of their quondam friends. of conrse pearce and " the major" had used them merely as decoys, and they were wholly ignorant of what liad been privately going on tor so long in the house "up the river."   it is winter now, and christmas is close at hand. the meadows down by the river are thickly sprinkled with snow, and the hedge rows look black in the spaces between and below their dazzling covering. the scarlet breasted robinb hop close to the windows of riverdale cottage, in no way intimidated by don, who watches them from the cosy in. terior with lordly interest.   this morning philip and lena have been married in the old ivy-grown church, and are just about to depart on their short wedding   tour.   " i am not going to make myself miserable about leaving the dear old cottage yet," laia says, as bhe kisses her tearful little mother. " because we shall come back again for a few weeks—and then hey! for australia!' but i shall be dreadfully sorry to leave it and the river, when the time comes, i know. how ever, you are both coming with us, mother dear—and that is everything, after all"   for mr. cunliffe has been medically advised   to reside in a warmer climate than that of england; and lena's happy marriage is not to separate her from either her mother, her blind uncle, or the faithful donald.   the young viscount is recovering at this christmas season from the long and dangerous illness into which his sufferings had driven him, while retributive justice, under forms which i have neither space nor inclination to particularize, is slowly but surely drawing nearer to his persecutors.        4860		the valley of the shadow   chapter i in the shadow of this world.   the valley of the   shadow.   br dokalo oubbok.   nearer, my god. to thee,   neerertothee,   e'en though it be 4 erot»   that tftueth me,   chaptbe i.   t* thx svadow of this womld.   fab from the crowded haunts of man, from the bus? city uid the toiling* country, through which flies the iron horse bearing the wealth of other lands in exchange for its product*, lies the valley of the shadow, in the deep mountain gorges of gippslaad, almost forgotten by the world. onee a week tbe mailman ekllfully skirts the huge mountain that towers abore the valley and keeps it in shadow half the day-henoe the name-end brings to tbe small oommnnlty the news of what is being done in the great dream world that lies beyond that frowning sterile peak; a world which the elders remember only as a virion of the night, a vision never more to be seen, and which to tbe yontb is as much a mystery as the deep blue sky into whloh they peer at night, barrelling what is beyond those glittering lamps that light the universe. the valley was once * great place, when gold was first discovered and thousands flocked tolti but now it s glory was gone; all who oould leave had departed* and there lingered only the few who oould not go, who were barred in by that mighty mountain which bad constituted   itself their motor. for behind tbat moon tain by hope, and life, and progress i but day by day its shadow fell ere tbe weary foot oould cross its heights, and the highly umbra drove baok the leeole and tbe spiritless men and women to take refuge in the vafley from its grim presence, there to wait for a barker bhape to rive them delivorauoe.   in a two-roomed hark and slab hut. that tottered and was prevented from falling in its deny and desolation by props, one evening, after the shadow had deepened into the pun>le gloom of night, sat four old orones. the day had begun brightly, the sun had risen like an orb of gold over tho great plateau, and for a few hours warmed and (sheered the people until they felt the blood circulate, and hope began to beat in their bosoms. while the warm sun ahed its beams on the dark forest, imdiating its depths and driving off the cold damps ana dews, the offspring of the shadow that lay like load on grass and tree, the people of the v®jler felt 4* if they oould defy the phantom which had boon bftniphed behind tne mountain- they would rise and flee from its presence, they would go forth into tbe great world, where it would never come, where there would ever be light and sunshine and happiness i they would linger but this day to prepare for flight. but when the sua passed its centtli and begpn to sink towards the west, then their enemy oould be seenj «.t first a mere filmy veil, a cobweb on the mountain's brow, but creeping and oreeping down, down, gliding and gliding down, down, until at last it enveloped the valley as the \- pell the coffin, crowding out the light and thehope   and the warmth that its great but beaten antagonist had for a few hours imparted, and reigning cold and chill, with the damps of death and the icy breath of despair.   a feeble fire burned in the ohlmney strogglingly. as if apologising to the shadow for disputing its   » <ua taromnt lamp failed to light the nw   or to dlasipate the grey damp mist that, hid the fingers oitb® shadow, struggled in in fllm.like   mssnftt the four old women crowded round the . flee, stretching their skinny claws towards the   feeble blase, as if their m&rrowloss; hones oomd ever bo warmed. they were droned in grey* that ?earned the same colour as that of the mist, ana huge hoodi enveloped their heads, mt in which their hooked noses, long ohlns, and bleared eyes were eeen occasionally as they changed their attitude to that the dim light revealed their faces. in tbo hand of each crone was a glue, and in the glace a dark liquid, and eaoh took a regretful, loving sip sow and then, rejolocd that the fiery poison revived the life within, sod that the glass would eoon be empty. " ^ _   41 it gets colder and colder," said the first crone. " that shadow seams a weighin' and a weighin' on as truss year by year. i don't know bow it is, but x get to thiuk, winter after winter, aa if it was a   beal i/wo' thing."   " and so does ii" eaid the seoond. " twaru t so in '86, when the diggins were in full fling, an i was young i why. there warn't any shadow then as i aawilor at night the valley would be full of light, theatres and circuses, a&d; doncin'roomsall open and mutdo and laughin', and lota of fun. oh i we won t see them days agon, never.'' . _ _   " an' yet i heerd," said the third, "that they have taken up a reef right on top of the mountain, jost where it begins, and they are goin' to put maohtoery on it. and we're £oln' to have the old days onoe more.'   " it won't let them," whispered, in awe-etrioken tones, the fourth. " we knows that. didn't the mountain company start well and find a reef nearly all gold, and a month hadn't passed when it ran out, en' they made a dead loss.   " i heerd.( said the firet crone, " that the mine   " no," mumbled the second,11 it was the shadow   did that we know."   and the four heads went olose together j end the i four glasses became horizontal, i   " 2nd you say he was a dyin't" queried the third, changing the conversation.   "nothjn' to save him," replied the fourth, sur   veying her empty glass with a deep sigh. i   "tee." eaid the first crone, "pride must have a xall* and ihe sedleye have had a big'nn "   " i knowed it 'ud oome to that)" said the seeond. .*.what oould be expected of people who put them selves up to be better than their neighbours p how mighty high mrs. bedley always kep' her head. i remember when she came to the valley, let me see, 'twas in *60, and opened that store. such style as she put on, and the way she rebuked us for drinking and danoing and babb ath* break in g as if we didn't want something to oheer our spirits and that shadow always a hangin' upon us. an* when i spoke up she said as it depended on ourselves, and that it was our own hands that made the shadow. i never made it. til be abound. she was too good altogether for this world. an' what's it all come top sin and shame and sorrow, and she's no better off than the rest of us."   "what could she expectf" asked the third. " she let that girl and bo/ wander about with one another over the mountain right where it is, and there's where they fell j that's what's led them into   sin."   " an' she keeps the baby p" queried the fourth.   "keepsit--yee,m?replied the first, "of course she does, and thinks a lot of it, and so did the old man. bat what's the good of it. that child'jl rise up juft like its mother and grandmother and break the old woman's heart. serves her right. i don't like such people. i likes social, jolly people, suoh as we be, eh r*   and the crones laughed harshly, the eldritch eound ending in a oroak of regret as they looked at the empty glasses.   "i remember," continued the first crone,1 "when thatgell came on the diggi&s.; high fal lal she was. she oame with the first pianny, which was brought between two horses over the mountain, and she put on big airs, i tell you. she was pretty, now ; golden hair, blue eyes, and a fine nigger much good they did her. an' she oonld sing like   an angel, or rather t'other. but her pride soon | came down, and she had to take comfort like all of ns in the glass-he, he-and she went on and on until at last she threw herself into the aoheron,   he, he." i   " but i heard," said the second," as mrs. sedley did her best to get her to be good, an'go to prayers,   an* the like. it 'peered that the gell was from the i same town in england as her." i   " so she did," replied the first j "butwhat'sthe good onoe the shadow ha* got 'em. the shadow bad her, and there was no savin' her. she laughed at the old woman."   "an" the boy's clean gone*ofl?" queried the;   seoond. i   "yes/' replied the third, "an the gell too, an*   naltheru ever oome baok." j   " took all the money they had, too ?" interrogated the fourth. i   "every penny," answered the first j "an' bills i oomia' due. an' all that. they're ruined, an' the : old man's dyin'. now, mrs. sedley oan see whether' her way's a bit botter'n ours. she's always a talk   ing |of providence, an' faith, an' all that; she'll | want bos faith, now, won't she t" i   and the four made discordance again. , "bless me i" aaid the first, "there it's a1 creepln', an' a creepin' with it's cold fingers.' hasn't anyone money to send for some more; | drink's the only thing to keep out the shadow, an the oold, an* the heartache.   "bhe says drink's what brings it." said the   seoond, "but i don't believe that. drink warms , the heart, and makes you forget everything. give me the ink ifl'u bring some.'   a joyful gleam irradiated the shrivelled, sunken faces aa the socoud crone rose, and, taking the jug, opened the door.   it woe a strange scene the crone looked upon, or rather that her blurred eyes strove in vain to take in. a thick fog had fallen upon the valley, and hid the stars of heaven in its grey folds. even the mighty mountain's outline, ever present at other times, was blurred out. here aud there, however, a long, oomet-uke gleam indicated the lights of the scattered bouses. one of these was longer an<l brighter than the rest, aud towards it tho crone, shivering and mumbling, made her way, stuiullim: and slipping on the rough road. it was not lout: before she emerged from the fog-looking some thing like a grey phantom- into the blare of light that proceeded from the hotel, or rather shanty, of mr. oripper. the weatherboard building won divided into two parts, one devoted to the sole oi goods, the other to the vending of liquor. the oold, raw air had driven into the warmth and com   fort of the bar the tew hatters that remained in thu 1 valley, those who had money to carouse, those who   had none in the hope that their more fortunate < fellows would treat them. a negro, who acted a* grippefsmaaofauwork, sat on a keg in one corner, playing a fiddle, the stringsof whioh were half twiuc, ana two or three rough fellows were jumping about in an advanoed stage of inebriety, imagining they were dancing, whooping occasionally when the " changes" came. " old snowball" was specially retained by gripper to attract the hatters at night and to liven them up so that they would part with the few miserable grains of gold they picked up in the gullies. he could not afford a girl to play the piano now.   mr. gripper stood behind the bar looking on the scene with as much of a smile as was practicable for his seared and bloated faoe to wear. if you   plaoed the head of an aged bulldog that had taken, part i& many a fight upon a cask, supported these^ with two small piuoill and clothed the whole in o9 man's dress, you would have a capital likeness of mr. gripper. small ferret eyes, always red, a nose flattened to his face,« mouth wide as chaos, in , which appeared stumpy yellow teeth, like a dog's fangs, and an «n>»»^»ny face, blotched and scarred, were the characteristics of his hideous oounten anoa. over all this there was a look of the lowest cunning, mingled with that apprehensive, suspicious expression that tells of a mind not at ease, a heart that is conscious of ill and dreads discovery. mr. i (jripper waa the last of his class left in the valley. i shanty-keeper after shanty-keeper had found the place did not pay, and they left for new fields* but gripper still stayed on and gradually absorbed nearly the whole business of the valley, because he had kot all the people into his debt, and. ae they could not get out of his clutches, they haa to deal with him, and to pay what he pleased for his goods and take what he gave for their gold, struggle as they might they never oould come ont square with him, so at last they gave it up and relapsed into stony indifference ana despair-with one comfort, that he could not afford to let them starve. little was known of gripper, though he had been in the valley since it was opened, and tho little that was known only made people afraid of him. it was whispered he had been a pirate, a bushranger, a pugilist, and that he had " done his time." lien spoke, too, in hushed tones about a very aid man, who had wandered to tbe valley to die, having aaid he hod known gripper when he was working in tho chain gang in tasmania, and the tale he told of the awful murder in which it was supposed gripper took part. but men dared not now speak of this, for gripper had a hand like a sledge hammer, and those who felt it onoe had no desire to repeat the experience. there were two dreads iu the valley* gripper and the shadow, aud some how the more superstitious began to think they , were identicol or were merging into each other.   gripper, however, had one rival in the valley, , and towards that rival he entertained the most   furious hatred, the hatred that the bad must ever feel for the good i for their works condemn them, ! their pure life is to them the torment of hell, i when the valley was in its haloyon days a man and   1 woman arrived and set up a store a little further down the straggling street. from tho first, gripper and his clan hated tho pair with a iiercc and brutal hatred. formr.audmrs. sedley were not of them. even at that time mr. sedley was an aged uurn, oi portly figure aud pleasant, benevolent, face, a man who never spoke but in kindness, who moved about quiet orderly, and in whose presence not evon the most hardy dared curse or use bad languago. there seemed to oome sunshineandhsppincss where* overihe moved, and'if he came to a placo where angry passions were wug displayed, a strange calm would tali upon the uogiuet spirits and the quarrol would   end. unobtrusive and unassumiug, yet he soon gained great influence, that combatted that of gripper, (aud tho least hardened of the letter's customers would look down the street to see if mr, gcdiey was at his door, and turn back if he was, or dart in quickly if tlioy did not soe him. it was a fight between the light and tho darkness, illus trated in nature by the daily struggle between the sun and the shadow. men learned that there wore higher duties than the mere routino of daily work, that there were greater and purer pleasures than drinking anddanctnff andourefngja oripper'$ filthy sty, yet they could not tell how j the knowledge seemed to pervade them unconsciously. but thero was another influence greater eves than that of mr. bedley. with him oame one of tboso gentle, lovable, motherly women that heaven vouchsafes occasionally to bless and oheer man, to be "help meets" indeed. matronly of figure, her broad, opon, benevolont foco ever beaming with cheerful* ness and considerate kindness, placid of manner, sweet and kindly of voioe, ever ready to help ana cheer, never heard to rebuke, utterly unconscious of her own goodness, never elated by good fortune or downcast by ill, unaffected aa>l thoroughly natural, mrs. sedley was s woman that all must love, that young and old must revere aud honour. she had not been on the place a month when she   knew the joys and sorrows of all, not a day before (   she had extaudod a helping band to the helpless. hera was the bright, gunny faoe that tlio sick aiggor found at bis bedttide when down with the (over that the dampness created by the shadow caused ; hers the skilful bands that arranged his rough couch and prepared broth and gruel; hers the hope-inspiring voice that clioorod bin spirit; bore was the form that ligbteuod the dark roots of tbo   dying woman of evil life, aud snoke of a saviour toat loved the sinner and bad diou to save. wbere she oamo there grew a holy calm; a peace pervaded tbo souls of even those who were dying in their bin. if a digger becatnc ill bo had but one requcht: "bend for mother," and as "mother" she was knows to all.   ouoo there were two proud, hi^h-spiritcd gold. they bad nothing to cat for two days save a bird tbey bad knockod down with a stone, and they were too proud to beg i tbey hoped to strike a patch iti time to save them from that. ken notioed tbeir thin faces and pinched and hungry looks, but did not caro to speak to them, tbey were so mighty proud, tbey said. wbou tlioy corse borne to their wretched hut the second day, fainting and famished, without baring seen a single speck, what was their joy to find a store of food on their rude bunk. only one person could have done it-" mother." ana afterwards, when these youths bottomed agood claim ©.tan adjacent rush, tbey tramped thirty miles to buy their goods of "mother."   these were golden days for the valley, and no ono seemed to notioe the shadow, a light had sprung up in tbeir midst that dissipated the brooding darkness of that presence, bin bid her face, ana did ber work in the dark places; even gripper tried to be decorous. still greater grew this woman's blessed influence when she took to her home the child of the wretched woman who had once been the pianist at gripper's, to be a companion to her own boy* about that woman there bad been & strange mystery. thoso in the valley who had known good society-and there were more of tb&t; class than might be thought-could tell that lydia bowan had been well brought up and educated.   despite the depths to wbicb she had fallen, there ! was that &ir; of good- brooding about her which could not be mistaken. and men who heard her in i the afternoons, when there were no diggers to play 1 jigs to, perform nieces from the old masters that only a pianist of a high order oould attempt, guessed that she had once filled a high station. often her rough admirers found her at the instru ment, tremblingly fingering the keys, her eyes wet with tears, ana sobs choking ber utterance s and then it was that they said, "xyd'e got the blues   bring is the liquor: that'll put ber rightand the wretched woman gladly fled to the demon that was fast destroying her body and soul. mrs, sedley endeavoured in vain to turn hor aside. she learned enough from her to understand tbey came from the same couuty, and that lydia was of high family, but no more. daily and hourly the good   soul tried to win back ber erring bister, but the despair and regret that weighed ber down were too powerful. sbe could not lift up ber head again; she oould not place her bands upon the ladder to rise once more. there was only one escape from her terrible and agonising remorse; and when under the influence of that false lethe, the devils ever whispered to her that there was but one way to end her troubles.   so one morning she was missed, and the people found her body in a pool an the^iver, the cold, white faoe staring up at the giant mountain, whose shadow- all shuddered at the coincidence-fell upon it, the golden hair entangled in the reeds and rushes.   sbe was buried by mrs. sedloy in the lone ceme« teiy on the mountain's brow, amid the glow of the white and crimson heath, for it was spring, and nature, even on that sterile spot, strove to create beauty, to cover with flowers the last resting-pl&oe; of those who had sinned a»d suffered,   she left a letter for mrs. sedloy, in which she implored her to take charge of the child. in that letter was enclosed a small gold cross of beautiful workmanship, with the motto "mitpob" worked upon it in forget-me-nots formed of sapphires and diamonds. some crest or name hod existed beneath this design, but the jewels had been taken oat-the poor em desired oblivion.   mai da was tnen a loveable little girl, with the refined features, blue eyes, and golden hair of her mother, but without the pain, and sorrow, nad despair that darkened poor lydia's face. mrs.   sedley loved the little girl with all a mother's lore, and brought her up to be what she was her*   self-a pure, good woman, and a worker la this i world, for she wu one of those who never shirked the coinmon,lot, but rather beautified aud glorified labour its the greatest blessing of life, and never made trouble or it. and so this sweet snowdrop grew up in the valley, giving it a light and loveli ness that seemed to change it and make the little world glow with the radiance of youth and inno* cence and beauty. yet it wm not all sunshine. maida developed as she grew older uiany of her mother's characteristics j strong passions, wilful* ness, and an impatience with her lot. she longed for the great world that lay beyond the mountain end its shadow, where her mother had beamed like   a meteor in her day. mrs. sedley bore all her , whims with patience, and the wilful beauty wotfld ever return to "mother" after one of her erring momenta, and laying her head on the ample bosom weep away her discontent, and plead for pardon,   which was ever forthcoming to the dear penitent. i   as she grew older, however, this discontent1 appeared to die out, and she seemed as happy as tne day. from early childhood herself and alfred sedley had been companions. the pair were the prido of the valley, ana two more beautiful children could not be seen and they grew up into a supremely handsome athletic youth, and a daxzlingly lovelr girl. from the time when as children they toddled up the mountain together to pick the first wattle bloomsi or the early white and crimson ericas, or wandered down the deep gorges to search for rare ferns, the valley haa mated them together, and when they budded into youth, it. seemed the mobt natural thing that they should marry oach other. kind, genial mr. bedley jested with them upon it, and mrs. sedloy'e door face would glow with pleasure when she saw the two together i and conjured up visions of their happy married life, and the prattling grandchildren that would ploy about her knees. she saw in the future a pleasant home made by her darling alf, where an aged man nud woman wero boated in the sunshine iu the garden, surrounded by bright healthy children, i a handsome wife and husband looking on. such ! was her dream of the lost days of life, to fade out i as the golden sunbeams on a calm summer evening. i she was to take the great journey first, to projare i the mausious of poace for hitn who was to follow 1   but somehow or other, when she grew to indulge in those dreams the shadow began to fall darker and heavier on the valley. the gold had almost entirely failed, and the belter class of people, one : by one, left, and disappeared behind the mountain;   | and only the reckless, tbo fpendthrift, and the i helpless, remained behind, men aud women who i were body and soul in the clutch ©t gtipper, and who knew uo comfort hut the devil's, which lio gave them. tbo sod ley family gradually became isolated. the few persons who remained looked upon them as ; 11 their being bettor off, bettor dressed, and better l in body and spirit, was a great and unpardonable   sin against the community. gripper marked those who went to sedley's store, and, in the many ways of which he wits cupable, now he had everything in his hands, punished them, until at last none but the few persons who occasionally ]«ssed through   c chased anything there. but. tho sodlays had   n saving pconlo, nnd they bad sufficient in the   antiquated safe that stood at tho foot of their bed to carry them through the world, and to mart ah aud maida in life. mr. aud mrs. sedley talked of shifting month after month, but bomcbow or other could not make up their uiudb to leave n spot con secrated by many memories. but thoy would go somo day, thoy said, and then tho young people   would he married aud started in business.   and so tho days wore on, and the shadow deepened upon the valley, deepened crca itjkwj the home of the sodleys, though they know it not. mr. and km. sedley woro too pure of mind, and had brought up the arirl and hoy too well, to tbiuk of evil. yet even they oculd not hut notice a great cliange iu the young people. there were times when thoy showod such urdour for each other, that eveu mrs. 8odiey cbidod them i there were other oocasions when she found jtfaiaaou alt's breast, bathed in tears, and sobbing as if her heart were broken, while he fiercely kissed the |»arly drops from her eyos. all this, howoror, was sot aown to the impatience of the young people to be marriod and ffot nwny froiu the valley, which now seemed hateful to them. so good mrs. sod ley only strove to pcrsunde mr. bedley to decide upon an early date for leaving the place, aud sottliug iu molliournc.   it was the close of autumn, aud a dark and tempestuous day had only giron way to a wilder and stormier night, when mr, and mrs. sedley retired   to their room, leaving alfred fa the parlour, maida being alroady gone to bed, after repeatedly kissing bor fosterparonts in a strange and nffilated manner. alfred, too, scorned restless and mlserablo. the worthy couplo now cloarly saw tbo change mufft nt onco 1>r made ; and, bad ns the eoasou was, tboy rosolved t/> break up tbeir liomc, and seek one else where, nod a plftcc for the young people. i taring determined upon that, the two dear old creatureb i nddressed themselves to tbo deity in whom they   bad bo long placed implicit and childlike trust-so beautiful ana sublime, even to those who despite it -and slept thosleop that only a mind at paaee with ood nud the world, and tbo hon\th that is bom ol regular haliits ood temper can giro.   it was ions naflt, the middle watch of the ti(|?ht when mrs. scdiey's sleep became troubled, and a terrible dream camo upon her. it was ludistinct, but all the more awful for that. it was as if the shadow had orsumcd a human shape, and wa* crunhlng her with its weight, and btraugling her with its long vyeeoike talons. at last abo struggled nnd awoke to and the door open, and someonu leaving tho room. sho soon roused bor husband, and on tho lamp being lit, tho two uttered a cry that was heartbreaking in its helplessness ana despair. the safe was wide opoit, and not a farthing of tho savings of their lives bad been left by tho robber. sir. sodley fell down in a swoon.   while mrs. sedley, who was the stronger minded of the two, was reviving her husband, a white form appeared in the doorway, and looking up, mrs. sedley saw tho ghastly face of maida.   " i am the cause of this," snia the girl in a hollow tone; "lam not'fltto live; i will die"   mr. sedley was recovering, nud his wife catching the import of these word®, left him and followed maida, calling loudlv upon alfred. but no alfred answered. st re. sedley caught a glimpse of white garments vanishing out of the door, and impelled   tiy ell & mother's despairing lore, she fled after the i fugitive, who was hastening to fling herself into the pool where her parent had ended her life. the girl wb« dazed ana could not find the way, so mrs. sedley managed to catch up to her» and to fold her   in her arms.   " let me go, mother," she shrieked, falling upon hor knees. "don't touch mo, i am not worthy. i have sinned against heaven and against you."   there was no need to explain these words to the stricken woman, and even then the horror of a greater fear fell upon her. but mrs. sedley was a rare woman. grief rtie felt, but she knew that it was in the hour of trial that ber master expected her to show she was one of his disciples. crushing down the feelings that almost made her swoon, she tenderly led tho stricken child bock to the bouse and comforted and soothed her as she alone could do. assuring her not only of the forgiveness of the sinning creatures, her guardians, but of that great father whose name is mercy*   and mrs. sedley wanted all the wonder ful courage and self-denial of her nature that fearful night. her husband wu stricken down with paralysis. maida deliriously raving for forgiveness and for alfred, brought to tho world a wretched little stranger; and alfred had fled, the robber of his kind and good parents' savings. but mrs. sedley conquered. she saw the cross before her and firmly clasped it; she knew the hour of bitter trial had come and she resolved to baar it to the -uttermost, remembering how too pleasantly life had passed with her for yean. every rebellious thought was driven back, and as ehe ministered to the broken-down old man, whose grasp of the cross was numb and despairing, for he seemed now to doubt the justice of ood, and to the delirious maida, there was ever rising from her heart the prayer, " not my will, 0 lord, but thine be done." and bitter indeed were her trials. ho means eristed to keep the household going and to procure comforts for the invalids but to borrow money, and no one had money in'.the valley except the hideous gripper. yet mrs. sedley nerved herself to confrout nim, and submitted to his brutal jests and coarse insinua tions in order to procure comfort for her lovod ones. at first he refused, and drove the despairing woman from bis house with curses, telling ner to go to her ood for tlio money, but afterwards, struck, no doubt, with the idea of a mora complete revenge, he chained his mind, and lent her a small sum on mortgage. it was enough, however, in her eyes, it wonla keep the house until tho sick re covered, and then the brave women hoped she would be able to move to some place where she   could get work. yea, she could work, though she wm sixty years of age. her trust never failed her: the kept her eyes on the shining light, and heeded not the thorns that pierced her feet, and the stony path. her face was as bright, and cheerful or orer as die stood by the couches of her husband nod malda, and even the paralytic and the broken* hearted girl caught a gleam of the sunshine in her soul, and grew happier.   but steadily the sbnriow new dooper and deeper. it became plain that iff r.sedley woulaneverrise from his bed, and already the band of death was heavy upon him, whilo as maida recovered, tho fire in her soul burned stronger and stronger. she must follow alfred i he was her life, her soul, hor love, her only portion-apart from him she oouid not live. she would follow and find him, and bring him back. mrs. sedley saw it was useless to stop her, and one scorning the girl bade her and the child good-bye end vanished bohind the mountain. it seemed to   the lone* aged woman, as she saw her disappear beyond the shadow, that the sunshine had for evor departed, and there was nothing now to keep away the darkening presence that seemed more than of this world.   and 80 time went on, the gloom deepening and darkening day by day. the brave woman, faced the storm, and nursed the paralytic and the child, and strove in various ways to win bread for all. the little boy bo came hor ouly comfort. a weird littlo thing he to-" weenie," everyone catted him. but he loved his grandmother, and nerved her for the great and almost liopeloss struggle in which she was engaged. id his tiny face she saw renewed her darling alfred, not the sinning one, but the dear, innocent boy she had loved in the past, ere sin had marked him for its own. and days and months wont by, and the aged woman toiled to gripper'* every friday-the mail cune in then-to see if there was a letter from tho wanderers, to ever receive the some reply, accompanied with a brutal laugh. "none, mem; you needn't think they'd send you letters; they don't wast to remcmbor the vallov." and how he laughed when the now worn and bent woman eighed, and gathering her old shawl round her, wearily walked away.   the crone presented her jug, and fit that moment the fiddle ceased, and all orowded around the bar. jim wocks, who had struck a fourpennyweight patch the day before, announced his intention to do the amiablo, a resolution loudly applauded in, which approbation the crono loudly joined, sayiup that "jim al'ays was a gentlemen when he had it,   for which remark she was invited to join-oven gripper was in it.   as they stood there a tiny chirrup was heard, and tunuug round all saw a little chitd with a small phial in his hand. ho was n minia ture man, odd of face, old in appearance, but sweetly, pathetically interesting for the wistful, old'fasbioncd look on bib worn little fnco ho was dressod neatly, but tho clothcs wcro pntcbed and faded. he lookod up into gripper'u face with a frightcnod glance.   "p'cnso, sir," said weenie, for it was nafda's child, " g'anms wants ad'opo' b'andy for g'anim."   " ho, lio,' roared gripper, m so tint scuds for brandy. she's come to it at fruit, ho, bo"-~hero nil laughod- " and finds it's the only comfort. she   vmutk it for herself."   "no, no," said the mile, '"gr'aunia don't want b'andy, but g'anpa j ho so werry sick, g'aupa is."   "well, hero it is, wy atomy," said grii»j»er. "wheree tho money-that's right. now, boys, what do yon sny if wr nil go down end rot how they are j just to see how tho methodies take trouble, ho, ho y"   a shout of approval followed this proposal, and leaving snowball to takechnrge, t hey trooped down the road through the for. weenie, frightened by the savage looks and wild language of the men, had vanished like a little spirit. the crone wont back to her gossips to rchte the new incident.   gripper was in an advanood *uge of intoxication,   else be would not have undertaken to insult the i   i misfortunes of the woman who once had nullified i 1 his influence, and made his shanty shunned, and   his ways contemned. it had been noticed since tho dreadful nlglit that ruined the sedleys that gripper had at timos drank hard find rpcklespty. hereto fore ho had been a cautious man in everything, and never permitted his own wares to overcome him. to-night he felt so devilish that nothing would uatiafy him but to see the wreck of the woman he bated no intensely and unrensoningly.   mr. scdler's l>edrooin opened into the road, and weenie, with palpitating heart, opened it and ran in to where he saw his grandmother kneeling at the   bedside. {   "oh, g'aoma," said, not noticing the deep agony upon mrs. sedlcy's face, the bitter struggle between tho rebellious feelings of poor human naturo and the dubiro to bow to heaven's will that   was plainly pourtrayod thero, " tbo bod mans is   coram'."   mrs. 8odloy did not speak. hers was a sorrow beyond words. tho husband of bor youth was de parting, and ho could not speak to her, nor even wrea* hor hand; he could only roll bis eyes in impotout desire to make hor understand. it was hard, it was cruol, it woe not what she had deserved. for over forty tears these two had wandered   through the world together* never separated, taking the shadow and tho shine as one while thoy were in company. thoy had loved in early life with youth's warm and glowing passion, and that hod sobered down as ago came on into the truest of love-that   born of respect, esteem, and friendship. they were lorers to the last, but, more than that, friends and companions-and it is when wife and husband be* come friends and companions that married life reaches its final and best development. the metoor glow of ittasion may lead to the union, but it is   esteem, friendship, companionship that crown the i edltice and make the man and woman truly one. noverduring that forty .years' pilgrimage, through triumph ana trial, had either spoken an unkind word to tho other. thoy were possessed of strong comtnon*sense, and knew how to boar with each other's failings-it is true thoy had few. and now the lover of her youth, the friend and oompanion of hor mature lifo, waa passing away, and she would receive no pressure from his hand, no kiss from his lips; she would not hear the farewell breathed by the voice she loved so well.   she watched the sod, wistful eyes-the only sign otlife. as they moved aimlessly and despairingly, now nxed on here, now wandering to the awe* stricken child. then, at last, they shifted, and suddenly became fixed upon a large and beautiful engraving that was on the wall, above the bed. it was the representation of a tossing and stormy sea, an atmosphere of driving rain and mighty tempest, out of which roso a oross, and to that cross olung a i woman, her faoo illuminated with the light of hope i and faith. underneath were the lines   nearer, my god, to thee,   nearer to thee,   e'en though it be a cross   that raiseth me.   the wandering oyea became fixed, a glow appeared to come into tho wan face, and, with his eyes fixed upon that picture, william sedley passed away. it seemed to his wife that after he had looked upon that picture the weight that had been resting upon her poesed away, and a oalm radiance seemed to be diffused throughout the room, .and peace entered into her heart. it would not be long before she would be oalled to follow him.   strong in faith, she rose from her knees and looking at the child, waa recalled to this life. she must live for weenie'* sake, she must thrust from her repining, and sorrow, and bear all that he might be cared for. bererentfr she arranged the drapery and closed the eyes of him she loved so well. tears dropped upon tho dead face, but they were the tears of hope, and love, and faith.   the brutal gripper and his crew had seen that picture through the open door. gripper gated as one who understood it not, save as something that was not for him, that reproached and goaded him.   the fires of hell burned in his breast as he saw that all these trials bnt made this woman holier and more heavenlike. hie fellows saw, but they were not as hardened as be; the scene brought back other days, the loving resigned face reminded them of their mother. they shrunk away one by one, and left qripper standing at the door alone.   " bo he's dead!" saia gripper hoarsely. mrs. sedley turned and looked at the man. there was no loathing, no fear in her look, rather deep com passion which goaded him more than if sne had glanced lightnings.   " this is what your faith and hethody ways has brought you to, he managed to sneer. " i knew they'd oomo to no good. i've beaten you. it was i that got your boy to drink. tou didn't know he drank, hat be did, and enjoyed it. you tried to in jure me. you've been an eyesore to me, and i swore to be revenged, and i am."   weenie crept into the folds of his grandmother's dress, staring in affright at the hideous faoe of this man. mrs. sedley did not speak. she turned from   i him, and, pointing with her finger, posed steadily   upon the picture. his eyes followed hers. aud u they lighted upon the allegory, he started buck. he understood the meaning; he vnew hi* revenge hnd failed, and with a fearful oath, like the cry of a lost spirit, ho sprang out of tfao light into the   flhndow which was to be his portion foralj eternity. i       chapter ii into the light of perfect day.   chapter it.   ikto thk uqht of pehfbct dat.   it was winter again, and the shadow seemed now never lifted from the valley, for the eun shone not, and the olouds covered the sky when its beams might have broughtllleand warmth to the dwellers beneath the mountain. yet, howerer clouded the eky, they could tell wheueverthe shadow began to fall, for then a shudder teemed to come over nature and a darkness crept upon the darkness, ending in the blackness ana chill of what eeemed eternal night. and the world grew dark and damp, and life seemed orushed out of the few despairing souls who still vegetated in the valley, waiting for the   end.   bat two old crones sat in the hut bow. the fire was weaker, for the wood seemed never to dry, and a flickering dip candle had displaced the kerosene lamp. the crones crowdod round the feeble fire. one had just come in, for the flngero of the mist had damped her clothes and her thin, grey buif. older, skinnier, and more unearthly and weird they looked, these witches of the volley.   "he couldn't trust me»" said the first crone. "1 don't know what's come over gripper, but i think the devil has possessed him. be e at times so dreadful that no one *11 go near him."   " there ain't many here to go near anyone," croaked the third one-the first and third only bad survived-"they're nearly all in the oemetery, or gone elsewhere. i wish i could shift, but t cannot-i could never cross the mountain, and i   would moot it."   " he was raving about it in his last mad fit," whispered the first, " and heeursed the thing, and said it should not havo him. but do you know there's to bo visitors to-night .> the mailman told me so. they're coming right on from golden gully."   "they're mod," said tbe third j "they never con cross the mountain to*uight."   "hut they mono to," replied the other. "the mailuian said they wore asking for mrs. sedley, and when they heard she woo ill, they said they must come at all risks, even though tbe; were told the track is covered with snow. the mailman eayi tbe road's fearful."   " why didn't they oomo with him p " queried the   third.   "becauso thoy wore resting thohorsoe to give tbcin boart: au' ouo o' them knows tho road well."   "and she a bad," cried the third crone.   "dying, 1 think," whispered the firut, "an' no one to attend her but weenie. i heerd him curse her, an' i'd ha' gone to see her but he swore if i went he'd see roe starve. he does hate her."   "1 doesn't like the dying or tho dead," sold the other, sliuddoriiig. "'member how polly looked whan elie died, a-callin* on her mothor,andshodead fifty years. and susoy, our othor mate, how she perennial, no' those ntarin' eyes of here x never can pel rid of, they look at ine from the windy at nighte when i wake. they're gone, nnd we'll be on the rond booh, where x don't kuow, an' dou't care."   " wc inustlmvo sometbin', orwe'li die right off,"   hui«l the first.   tho third crono fumbled in her pocket, nnd brought out a greasy book, from which sheeitmeted n worn keeper. hie rheum ran down her eyes as she saw it witter dully in tho firelight. she was thinkiug of the past i eveu such navo ti past to   remember.   " here," she mumbled, "give him this, it's gold, and he'll take it i ho never refused gohi. what we'll do after 1 don't know. d.nry me, it was john's present j i remember wheu he put hon, and me as pretty a lass as was in the lana. deary me, denry me i"   and she sobbed dismally, while tho first cr0ne clutched the cfrclo of gold greedily, and walked out to obtain that wbieh had now become to them more than life itself. the chain of gossamer thread had   beoome manacles of iron.   when the crone reached g ripper's, she found him leaning ou the counter. the room was deserted, being tenanted by only gripper and snowball, whose head was now as white as his name, and his form bent. a sreat change had come over grippet-bis face was bloated and purple, and the lurid shadow   of approaebliw doom seemed to have afalien on ubi lie continually glanoed furtively round, u it. apprehending danger on every ride,   "1 don't now why i den't leave thla plaoe," he soliloquised, paying little heed to snowball, who had become blind, and who waa groping over his almost atringleaa fiddle t "hut there1 a something keeps me; i oan't pass it somehowj it seems to warn me away, to keep me bound here band and foot. i think i have got then again, or elae it's the dead that's ooming to life. who are they, i wonder -thoy keep talking and talking, an' 1 aee them peering in through the windows and crack*. seep i em out, snowball, keep 'em out." 1   "i can't aee dem, mae'er," aaid poor snowbett, who waa vainly trying to bring an a ont of a twine   " it'a time to move, though," mattered orinper, relapsing to earthly thoughts, "for the mailman says no more mails will he delivered after this month. the plaoe ia gone. bat sht mast die before i go. i moat aee her dead j i oannot be happy till then. why doee she live on, aoeuaing me day and night, the smoothfaced hypocrite, fi ber. then i ii eroaa the aoheron. and ii can't follow, and (toy will have to atop behind."   wretched man, whererar we are oar evil deeds will follow and our sins vrill and as ont.   had the man been made of penetrable staff, had , the fiends not marked him for prey, and his own   evil and revengeful passions overmastered him, the condition of the suffering woman he hated would have melted him into com paealon and saved hie aonl bom the hideooa canker that was eating st away t ao would his hard heart have been renewed and become as that of a child's. but the goeaazner chains had beeome manaclea of iron.   the scene they had witnessed on the night of mr. sedley's death had brought oat the latent good la the tools of the few men who remained in the valley. bravingtherogeof gripper, they helped to lay the remains of the idnd oldmaatktbe mountain cemetery, and even tried in their rough way to help the afflicted widow, whose uncomplaining cheer* fulnae* and resignation underthe load ol a crushing sorrow made them look upon her as almost not ol this world, so far above it ahe seemed. the rage ol gripper knew ao bounds. the time of his utmost revenge was at hand, file foreclosed and drove the widow and the orphan from what had once been their.'happy home. they would have perished but that two miners gave up their humble put for theii use. fiat mrs. sedley mannared not. forherthi world and ite ranitiea had vanished, afid she onlg waited for the hour of release. but one care oo copied her mind, the fate of dear, dutiful, loving weenie. but when one of the miners, the youngeel and the strongest, swore to her that the omm should be his charge, her mind was at peaoe.   altered. onoe more ahe resumed her influence, and it was indeed blessed: it rescued those men tron the shadow that had fallen upon them, and brought life and light back to their darkened souls. soonea thaq go to gripper's, the men walked to goldei gully on saturday for goods, and this mad< gripper'a rage against the poor aged woman furiouj beyond conception.   bat the time came when itwas impowlble to ean anything in the valley, and the men left for a new rush that had broken out tar up in the mountains tfaey left with mrs. sedley all the aoaey the; could spare and with tears in their eye* asanxvd ha thej would be back soon and take her and the boj to anew worid whore no shadow tmted. and « they tamed away and left behind them the vauej   of the qiadov.   after their departure the winter oame rapidly ot with its storms and snows, and its aerer-llfte* shadows, and mrs. sedley grew weaker and mon worn. the frail body gave way at last, tad she ta down upon the rode bunk never to rise. she hac taken with her the picture upon which her husband had fixed his dying eyes ana it was placed so tha ahe could always look upon it. and es ahe didhei waa face became glorified, and a look sot of thi world but of that into which she was entering made it seem that of an a&jrel.;   it was bow tnat weenie neoome au-upportsnt.   the little chap took upon himself the whole ou«a i of the hut, waehed things, prepared what little his i grandmother oould take, end west down to gripper's for goods. (tapper would have refused him just to gloat over the ohild having to trudge to i golden guuy, probably never to return* bat he ooald not resist the mono/. and the deer child ettended hie grandmother as nurse end housekeeper,   ud wept hu little eyes almost blind, es he eew her, grow thinner mud thinner, and felt, poor eoul, thet: she would soon leave him as grandfather had done. at night he would nestle close to her m if txyiog to retain her with him in this world. poor weenie i   "it ain't worth muoh* mag/' eeld grippe*, ecmf temptuonsly. as he looked at the tiny, worn hoop o. sola, the first crone laid opon the counter "however, i'll give you what yon want, end 1st you drew on it* what's that f" he suddenly asked with a start, his faoe beoomin* pale as ashes.   the tramp of horses was distinctly heard* and the striking of their h6ofs against the flinty rocks.   " who can they he?" mked grlpper, with a1 quaver in his voloe, and shuddering* " the mail man said there were three* an old man* and a yonng man and woman. what can bring them here?   bow could they hare crossed the mountain sooh %1 night as this p   this was answered by the travellers stopping in ; front of the decayed shanty, dismounting* and' fixing their horses'bridles on the worm *ec ten posts.1 there entered into the bar a tall, strong young man* leading a pale but beautiful lady in a riding habit*   and behind them an aged bcnevolont-looklng gentle* j man. the young man's face was crimson as with passion, ana he grasped his riding whip* while his i companion seemed to deprecate his action with i womanly timidity. i   gripper's jaw dropped when he caught sight of ; their faces, and he stood transfixed, the piotnre of 1 apprehension and terror* withered, wilted; the glass he had been raising to his lips falling to the floor snd smashing in a thousand pieces.   ** yes, mr. oripper,'' said the young man, advanc ing, with fury in his face! "a/to tom the beriland many other wfastt, thief, murderer, robber, ruffian, you may well be astonished at my appearance] wretch! have you finished your work-is my mother dead ?"   oripper spoke not; his face, erst pale as ashes, grew uvid rod; the eyes seemed leaving his head, and withagurgleondahldeonsgroenhefell in an apopleotic nt among the glasses and bottles in the bar.   " fiofore you see to the wretch, snowball," said alfred bedley-for it was he- as the old negro, the only person who cored for dripper in the world, began with a sort of wolfish cry, to fumble his way to the bar* " tell me where my mother is f"   " at jim weeks* hat," said snowball* as he oaugiit up his master.   "then," said alfred, "we need not wait here i i know the way well, and the horses oan remain."   the patty sallied out into the dark, wild night   so dark that the forms of the trees eloee at nand   could hardly be discerned. but alfred's keen eye detected, afar off on the hillside* a feint glimmer where he knew jim weeks' hut stood, and he man   fully led his companions thither* not without danger and difficulty.   {they gently openod the door and stood reverently on the threshold. none oould view that scene ana not feel its peaceful* hallowed influence.   it was revealed by a dim light. mrs. sed ley, worn to a shadow, lay upon the bunk dying, her eyes fixed upon the picture of the woman clasping the cross, filer face was irradiated with a beautiful radianoc that appeared to shins upon and brighten up the little room, and on it was a rapt devotional oppression that seemed a foretaste of the world to which she was hastening. fain and i troublo and sorrow were no more for her, the golden i oatee were opening, and it seemed ae if already she i had caught the light of their glo*7 and heard the 1 eternal musio of the redeemed.   i by the bedside knelt a roughly-clad miner, jim i weeks* an adoring look upon his face, his hand in   that of weenie, who was standing by his grand , mother's head, his hand looked in hen. the little*   pinched* old-fashioned face had shared in the change, and seemed to have a dim recollection of the radiance on that of the dying woman* the bias eyes, dim with tears, being fixed upon the picture,   i " yes, mrs. sedley, yon need not fear," sobbed jim weeks, and the sods did his manhood honour* " i'll rear him up as my own child, and he'u never see the shadow. it's only the day before yesterday we struck the patch and ther would have me oome rightawoy for you. ssys they to me, you must go for mother, that's what they said, and they're expecting youi you mustn't die* you mustn't.   "poor jim* said mm. bedley in a low voioe, "i am called to take another and a longer iourney. but what is this f my eyes ore getting dim, but eurely it is-1oh godl thou hast not forsaken me. blessed, ever blessed, be thy name." they were on their knees at the bedside, alfred and maida kissing the worn foco, now lit with the returning fires of life, weeping team o! joy and tears of sorrow, weenie weeping with them, scarcely knowing why he wept. nor did he understand when muda clasped   him to her breast and kissed his door face with all the passion of a mother long separated from her child. the tall old stranger stood by, sobbing like tho rest, but when maida let weenie go he scixed the little fellow and showered kisses upon him.   14 mother, mother," criod alfred, catching the thin hand as if he would-draw her book from whither ehe was going. " oh, mother* forgive us. wo never thought ft would come to this. we sinned, dearest mother, but it was not until after we had fallen we knew the depth of our transgres sion. and then followed days of darkness, days when we come to know what evil was, and tne bitter fruit it bore. and i fell deeper, x sought in drink to drown remorse, though you knew it not. gripner led me on, and somehow i found suoh relief in it that i kept on until it made me a slave. when the time came that out deeds must come to   light, i had not the courage to face you, i fled in the night as a guilty wretch that had doubly lost all claim upon your fove and forgiveness. mother, mother, it was cowardly, it was wtaked, but i knew not what i did, i was no torn with agony and remorse, but it was not i who robbed yon, mother."   "god be praised t* said the dying woman, from whose cheeks the glow was now fading out, as the excitement passed away; " now i will die happy. something always told me this, but everything was against it."   "it was oripper who did it," continued alfred, with nervous rapidity. " he was an old oonvict, a man whose met life is too horrible to tell. poor maids found me, but i would not return unttt i could prove i had not robbed von, and wo wandered from place to place. at last fortune smiled* and i made some money. i wrote then to you enclosing funds, and telling you i was not the robber* though i knew not then who was-did yoti feotlre them r'   " no," whispered mrs. bedley, who was now fast falllngf1' i went to the poet- offloe every friday* but he told me always there were none.'*   "the fiend," cried alfred, "he kept the letters back to make his revenge complete* and to appro priate the mousy. oh i god* ou there exist such men. well, mother* s few days ago i was in the melbourne hospital, seeing a friend who had met with an aooident, and a dying man called my name. in him i recognined old joe bryan* you remember him, a poor wrctch always loafing at gripper's. he   told majdn and 1 just before he died that he woke np ] that uight. and saw gripjksr enter with the money mfcis hand*. grlpper swore he would kill him if he   knew, he mid, dripper had pat mm oatof nle way before, and he never spoke of it. i waewfldthat we oonld not take his depositions. but i got txom hue enough about qrippere peat life to hang him."   " lear© him to god," eaid hn. sadler, solemnly; " he ia the jndge of alt"   " mid the etrange nu, advancing,   who oalled hereelf lvdia bowan. i married her when young to a worthy man, bat she did not lore him. a. tempter am, a mrnh filled with earthly deeirca and eager only to plnek the flower and trample ft beneath his feet. she fled with mat. tad i never heerd of her until i came to this ooantt? *   little while baok for my health. then i obtained a clue, and fortunately met your eon at the oflloe of hie employer, whom i know, and i waa able to traoa her up and find lydia bo wan was my lost one. xt m about the eame time yotir eon met the dying soe brno, and we hare ported to this plaoe day and night to see yoa."   "the eroes," eeid mr*. bediey | " tt ie on   weenle'a bnut"   apon it, the only relie of hu loved and loet.   " we foo&d;," he eaid, after a little while, suffer ing his emotion, "that the villain eame with her to australia and then deeerted hsr i the reetof the ead tale la beet known to ytm. acy poor* erring xjdlal"   and he peaalenately kiaeed the jewelled forget   me-nota.   " hotter," sobbed xalda, " you wiq net leave aa now when all u cleared up and jou have forgiven na. oh, mother* mr. brandon la rieh j he win bring you baok to the old land, to the i   the tnw&iw; mountain, into itnahhe (bit will   last while yon live, to wealth and comfort and haiofrtnuaa xother, mother* 4o net leave 'tea aow, when the shadow bm fled, and the glocioaa «®n ehiaee upon our lifa i"   aaid mrs. bedley. giving a mil   ... - i i hav» fixed mr ejta upon the eroee f hare bar ayea benawie flxd mm the pietara. and the npt enitwlua ease tatoaer laee and the xadiaaoe xa heaven mw mm ht "and my weak hand waa held last fettwfcue the wavee of life mad aid th« tempaeteof trial threatened to alnk my aool tt iianr aovi i needed bat thla to make a* leave the world without aaigfa. the bhadow la lifted tr^miro** uvea, a&d; i aee a long vista of fcappinees before yea a&d; before that ewaet ohfld thai wae the |ma| and   the comfort of the lonely woman at tha ilcee crfher pugrimage. lore eaoh other j heap tnm vi shadow, not the material ahado w of tha moantaja, bat that whieh fllla the world wlthnwh e5ic and ahame,end suffering-that whisk haa daeaaed thla enoe hair tauey. jim, keep from tt m job would be happy* a&d; eee me in tha wedd barfed. and, now, ohlraipo, good-bye. x go to a mad where there ia no ehadow of aoftow-a land that ia lovelier than the dalee of ay native batfa&d.; xte light ia npon ne-i eee the wtea open andmifcoe ahinea npon me-william«   and. fentle aa a child, thle brave, tteeeoelpaeead   awy, having fulfilled itamlaeion and nutdy aborted itejieei? taak.   why should we weep lor enda u thla hleaaed dead? ban ia thejiory, andthe topown, and the   sternal mmahhw. we have to torn baok te lifa and itaeold and narrow dnttee,waittsfin the daiwn until the con arisen a&d; we, to<* antertoahare with her the pecfaot day       chapter iii i[]to ou[] dar[].   i chaptebul   mo orcm buhw.   alley, ud never one tte gloomy veu. noeoe there bow bat grioper end the third onm   mpper l» ^inv « ttut awful dleeaaa.that (tobrin* mtimstely into tula life ttu tqdd honors of the land of doom.   it to night, and the diihsw us «mm down m a thick mantle, and the nln flaue, ind tin wind tun thiiiulidtmi 08 tin rugged efteuntaln*abrow, «&d; fling* then into che dint grey waters of tin acheron, that uke a huge eeffentnah pest with dnil bea«7 row, as if bearing on their boeomthe oonaemnw t© (heir destruction.   ho hee in liia narrow bed xenag madly, clntohtaf at the air, and aereaaiiag aa visions «f fallen! uat flock before him in the material shapes given   ill the shadow lai wn ©as by one. and hell go eoon 1 they en calling for mm. will so one eomef will no oneoome f how can they f the snow la o& the pass, the riven are tank high. we will die here, awlthey will find as stiff and stark. x wtoh i oonld pr»,mt i ean't wh0e he u tiun, and talks of tha awiol ahapee. and they w gone. weenie, en' hia grandfather, en' mother, en' father, gone to be rich end happy in the land x win never eee again. 80 he failed in hia panose, en* tfe jduedbim. an' she, the eleepe ths sleep he never will. they cay aha died like en sagel-the men alwaji said abe wm one.4*   "hagt vile hag i" screened qripper,whoeeeyee were starting from hia heed, " keep them off, oaat you. keep them ewajrj o, bop them away. there1* lyd and that woman-keep bar away. x did rob the old oonple, i know i did* end i gloried in it. i laughed to myaelf.forlknew they'd suspect their eon, and that would out them to the heart. keep away 1 it'a not time jet. i'll lire through and have revenge for all this, i tell yon, d-yon i bnt what's thia t oh?" and he rose vp in the bed* and thrust oat hia hands ae if keening 0# someone. .. it's the shadow, jenny j keep hun on i tall yon. shut the door 1 quick, he la entering. owee yon, he has oome in, he is hve. ton shall sot have me, x tell yonj n*. no, not yet. seep your hands off my throat, devil 2 the time has not oome. iwp offfoff! ah!"   and, ottering a fearful poking £y, that had la itthseeoentsof damnation* be strewed oat end died. hia oorpee was livid, and looked as if strangled, and taw eyas wet* starting ont of the head, and, even in death, seemed as u fall of the agony oc a nameless horror.   "he is dead," ereaked the crone, making an attempt to rise.   and then there oeme into bar eyes the glitter of greed.   "i will have the gold/* she said, "an* m walk over the mountain to golden quito, i will 1 i feel strong enough. i win eeeape from the shadow."   and die roee ae if to walk towards the head of the bed, where gripper kept hia treasnree. bat tt wm the last effort. she tottered, olntohed at the air, and fell dead on her kaeee by the bald, aoroea the oorpae of **f dead man.   and the shadow deepened and darkened, and fall upon the valley, never to be lifted in this world.        24645		the lady of roanaki: a story of christmas eve   chapter   1loveleet. the ladyof roanaki. i-4---- a story of ohristmas eve. by waif wander (w.w.) c o the wooded slope that eweepsdown from the dargong hills to the banks of the bosnaki creek there stood many long years ago the home of the hartoombes. if you spased at the end of the great creek, where is course turned suddenly toward the distant ....e~ , you could have seen on your right hand 'the long and low stone building with its battlement coping, and its deep, almost saumae windows and heavy chimneys. with its heavy baeokground of the dark hills be shind it, with its too close surrounding of n' glishandindigenous trees, roanaki house odild not fal to leave agloomy impressiodon the mini of even a nasnal observer. " .he house ocoupiea a slight elevatfibn with in ahundred yards of the creek, and was sur 2aoundea by sbout an acre of eleared land 1ii down in english grass. this eirooum ried space was ot a hard square, outlinetd w ith. a straight, drr loking path, l.lldg from the heavy stone portio to s tio banks of the ekwhere it was crosseod by a mnoog wooden bridge. the path was roead and grass-growp, and termminated in front of the'house with two hideous looking t?ifns roughly cot in-the same blue stone " which mr. boanaki's house was itself com .pose. even commer could not make boanaki lok c'bheerful, not even the ohristmas eve aan than burned ohn the hills and glittered on .the waters of the ereek brightened the gloomy f~aae of the grim-looking mansion. there was no sppearanee of life about this place,' ,there was not even the ohirrup of a bird or -the buzz of a bee, for theie was nothing to .lttrat a bird in the'insidelausu ivy that bla?kened great patohes of the stone walls, moathere was not aflower to tempt a bee. inf a room with dark time-browned .oak walls, and a low massive ciling of the same ood, sat the ownue of this gloomy property, a tlreor , aqd salmost fieree- looking gentle siol suomeforty*-ve years. he had been, pay , was still a handsome man, but the .egular aguiline features and the well placed daotepay yese were disfigured by an expres . iout mgpm end pride,while the habits o - acquored during a long period \- f eefll y sevi? e had slung to him and -int.wisfl. the ?reverbial diaagreability it 'whm.we *sttse him major rupe·rt hart combe' was nated ast an oak table drawn near o'be of the deep windows. from his -otion he could ee the stone griffins and ahe quare of grmes down which the straight walk.led to the bridge. he could see the of bosnaki brek under its opposite *,t :bank, and he could see a portion of srined blue stone building of small dimen salos that steood near the creek, and was half ithidde byiy and the original bush that had worrown the site, and sheadowedits broken e.hecould see all this iay,and he did whlt he oomasionally glanoed through the 'wlidow, but his attention was too entirely iaratel to theezamination of a great roll of "pemhment he held open before him, with tiboth thin white hands, on which more than 03 aneient looking ring sparkled when they passed a sun y that lay like a golden spear oross the faded olors and lines of the doo mnent. major hsarteoombe was slightly bald in front, and his broad forehead looked almost abnormalhigh in eonsequence. he was close shaved, with the eception of a heavy, grty, military monetaohe that drooped over ils firm lipe. his heir had been black, but eady eowing a preponderance of ailver threads, and it was worn short and brushed bask etifly from his hollow temples. his was not an attractive countenance, as he sat bending over his parchment with some g very like a soowl over his drooped eye lds. suddenly he raised his head and looked out of the window. if there had been anyone there to note the ehanges in that man's face as lie looked, i wonder for what feelings the .ataher would bave given major hartodmbe redit? it was a lovely picture he saw-that of a sweet looking ad lovely woman, or rather girl, approaching up the straight walk, with a pbrfeot, yet rather slender figure, and • a pale, besatiaful face, over which the shade of her hat rested softly, and the short, fair earls lay daintily overone side, where the opturned brim of the hat was hidden under a white rmther. she was moving with a slow and languid step, and there was no appearance of the baoyancy of spirit that ought to have belonged to ies eighteen years. her melancholy eyes, sthat seemed heavy and dim in the shade of herhat, were raised to the gloomy building towards which she was advancing, and she visibly shuddered as she passed between the stone griffins, with their hideoneus faces and winsged sides streaked with the green, slimy tanm of fifty years. a- -ajor harteombe's fae grew darker as he noted the feeling of repulsion evinced, as the saud the gritnes, and drew her s. ser, lest they should touch one or \- .sther of.the ugly things, and major h?art s:c:sbe' face was yet at its darkest, when the ?1kt860rifbl room opened seftly and the young \- kourpiardon major," she said hasi ?sd ot know on were here, i iettir~sh r- t   asathe gentleman spoke, he was placing 'ime marble paper-weights on the corners of 'he great parchment, so that his hands were free as he rose with stiff courtesy, to place a "hair for the fair being, we only knowlyet as ray. " you hlave been strolling again, ray ?" "yes, i have been down to the ruin." she replied gently as she laid her bat upon her lap, and met the piercing eyes of the major with a calm gaze. "have you seen mrs. hartcombe this morning ?" " no, not yet. i am always afraid of dis taurbing her, and she never sends for me lmupert." "it should not be necessary for my mother to send for you, hay." the major said sharply, as he resumed his seat at the table, "in becoming my wife you undertook many rand more responsible duties than your former ephers of life made you accustomed to, and among the most responsible of these duties was the most unbounded respect to the best cnd most afflicted of women--i need not say that i allude to mrs. hartcombe." a faint flush tinged ray, hartoombe's cheeks, and she was compelled to make a strong effort at self control ere she could reply. " in becoming your wife, rupert, i was inl filling the preatest df all a daughter's duties. i was obeying the last wishes of a dear, dying mother; and as your wife, i am most anxious to show respect to yours, but i do not know how." " you do not know how ? your words sur prise me beyond measure, ray i you know the helpless state of mrs. hartaombe." you know that a few feeble steps from one room to another is the greasest exertion she can make? you know that her hours are long and lonely, yet you spend your unoconpied days in nseleso strolls or listless dozes by the damp banks of the creek. you go and come without a request for mrs. hartcombe's advice or an enquiry for her health, yet you do not imow how to show the last lady of agreat race the respect that is her right i" angry flasheswereshooting fromthemajor's deep.set eyes, and the hand he laid on the great psarchment trembled with passion. "no, i do not know; at least i donot know in what form your mother would like me to exhibit the respect you wish me to show her. ihhve f?equeatly presented myself at her door to be refused admittance; i have not been intrusted with any of the household responsi. bility, so that i have no need of mrs. hart eombe's advice. the few hours aho has per mitted me to pass in her society, and that of her maid, heater grimwade, have been de. voted to reproofs of my onduct,which i could can afford to listen to, and sneers atmy parents, which not even the atmosphere of ioanaki shall make me acenstomed to.a' "you are exhibiting a most unlady-like temper, mrs. hartcombe, and onewhich until lately, ihad not believed you capable of; and you are strangely forgetting yourself in speak. ing of my mother with such disrespect." s"i have repeated over and over again, that for my own sake as well as yours, i did not wish to be disrespectful to either mrs. hart combe or yourself, but there are limits to even my endurance, and weak as i may be i will not be altogether trampled on. you did not make me your wife without knowing the truth, that i had no feeling, and uiever could have any feeling of prefereneoafor you; that i accepted your hand to gratify the craving wish of a dying mother, who believed she was therebyacunring myhappiness; boti respected you then major hartombe, see that your harhness and injustice does not forfeit that respect for ever." the man was astounded, and sat staring at the beautiful woman, and his clenched fist lying heavily on the parchment outspread before him. was this the gentle, affeationate danghter, he had coited as his submissive wife ? was this the woman he was to mould to bis views, in the lonely solitude of boanaki? "you have brought me to a solitude worse than that of the grave," ray went on as she rose from her chair, and replaced the dainty summer hair upon her fair hair, yet you blame me if i am dull and low spiited. i am young, yet you think i must be resigned to the crabbed and the old beneath my eye for every. i am smothered in this tomb of a hoose, yet you begrudge me a rest amid the desolation of a ruin, or the air in which the poor bird vainly tries to sing. what have i done that i should be condmned to such a life ?" the posor girl's voice broke as she turned away her face, but she did not weep-if her tears had risen just then she would have crashed them back though death had been the result. "you are ill, lay," the astonished master of roanaki cried. "you are ill, youmnst be delirious, or you would neverdareto speak so i what has come to you?" ' worde to tell the truth," she replied, facing him again. "to speak the truth at last. you have deceived me from beginning to end. what did you wed me for? i was only the child of a self made man, and you the last of the great line of the haughty hart combes. what did you condemn me to an exile from myfellow beings lor? was it that my mother's dower might prop up the old tumble-down walls of roanaki?" "not" he thundered with a sudden and fearful rage. "it was that the name of another hartoombe might be placed below that of rupert hartcombhe lere i" "in vain," she said; "there shall never be another name there. your dishonoured one shahll be the last of the line." as ray spoke she turned and walked steadily to the door, opened it, passed out, and closed it behind her. major hartcombe lifted his hand so suddenly from the parchment that the weights were displayed, and with a loud rustle the skin rolled itsell up and fell heavily to the ground. "is it a prophecy youhave heard, major ?" a voice questioned behind him. " something awful must be going to happen when the great genealogical tree of the great hart combes closes and falls with such a crash as that." the speaker was a spare, hard.ifeatured woman in black, and she stood on an inner door the handle of which she held in her hand. it was heater grimwade the personal attendant of mrs. hartcombe, the major's mother, and the woman spoke with her small glttering eyes fixed on her master, and a sneer round her thin, pale lips. "evesdroniping again," the major said sharply as he lifted the roll of parchment and turned towards the woman. "yes, its fine fun," she. replied with a coarse laugh; "makes my teeth water with envy to hear loving passages between a youth ful bridegroom and his young bride." "you will say too much one of these days for your own safety, hester grimwade," was the angry retort. "i think i most likely shall," she said with emphasis; l"but as long as i do not say too much for aour safety never mind mine, maior." " hold your impudent tongue-what do you want here?" there's an amiable request and a question to follow it i in one breath i am ordered to hold my tongue-my impudent tongue by the way, and to tell what my business intl ha-ha i never mind, major, it's all in the family. your mother wants to asee ynou," and she disappeared banging the door dieres pes~nlly behind her. unhappy itay hartoombe hastened out into the air again and down once more to her favourite seat by the walls of the rained stone ottage ner the greek. she was bound   by the hardest and most hopeless of chains : loveless marriage-he and she could not even weep in p?eace within the dark walls iroanaki. with an unselfish devotion teat sha had given up all the hopes of her young heart, all the dreams of a happy future sle badonee indulged to sooth the last hours vi a parent she had almost adored, but she l ad at least expected peace in doing the faithful duties of a wife, but even peace had been denied her. was it only a horrid dream from which ·he should awaken to hear the birds sing in the long happy house of her girlhood ? was that cold house with its dark ivy and its fobulous animals of stone, and its deep, gloomy windows only the memories of a eightmare from which she should arouse herself to see hermother's smiling face among the wreathing roses at her bedroom window ? lhere were these ruined walls near which she sat down with the ivy sprays waving over her, the memory of some picture she had seen and shuddered at, and was the deep water cnder the steep bank opposite to her the idrrow only of a memory she had rather forgotten? not it was all too real, shewas the wife of a man who would make a slave of her, and the daughter-in-law of a bitter woman who hated her. "i haven't a friend," she murmured to her-. self as she bent her sorrowful face to her ihands. " i have no communication with the world; i am buried for life in this prison hiouse of oanaki. there is no hope for me save in death. why,.then, do i notdie?" at this moment something shot across the creek and fell heavily into ray's lap. bhe started, looked at the article without touching itb and then lifted her tear-wet eyes to the opposite bank of roanaki, where a tnick wood crowned the hill and crept down to throw its leaves and shade into the deep still water. there was there no sign of living presence visible to the young girl's eyes, but her every movement was watchbed by a handsome young man who had drawn back among the under growth on the bank. ray's pale cheeks fluashed hotly, her eyes wimandered round in a terror lest some one might have seen that paper flung across the creek into her very lap, and then she quickly unfolded the paper that was wrapped around a stone and read the few words it contained -read themwhile her heart beat with a great terror, but, thank god; not with a great love. bhe knew the signature well, but, thank god, she had never kissed it as girls kiss the name of the man they love are they consign the treasured paper that bears it to rest above a heart that beats alone for him who has traced the lines. "i have found you, ray my beloved," were the pencilled words, "and i have seen you weep i darling, it was not for asuch a fate you reifunced my devotion-my adoration! i know of your trials, of the insualts you daily endure, of the slavery you are consigned to, and i implore you to let me save you from it all. write me one word, bay, only yes, and gon shall be saved though a thousand tyrants were trying to hold you back from my arms. i amwatching you while you read this. if you will have that dear word written for me by sundown, put it in the ivy over where you are seated and i will come for it when it is dark. f fooedmce bealt ." ray rose when she had perused the lines and tore them into a hunded pieces ere she scattered them broadly over the bosom of the water, and then, without another glance at the opposite bank *here the.young man was hidden, she entered the ruined hut and leaned against the ivied wall to think without fear of observation from the writer of the ob noxious note. "how dare he !" she thought, "and i am so helplese-what am i to do?. what can i do? if i tell my husband hewill not believe that i am innocent; he will say that my encouragement must have brought frederiek baltran here, and if the major should en counter him hanging about iroanaki, only heaven knows what may be the consequences. if i had one soul i could confide in, but i have no one-no one, and imust write tothe villain who has insulted me, even at the risk of being discovered." with such a bitterness of heart as the young seldom feel- with such a hopeless regret making the light step heavy and the lithe form listless and weary as the young should never know, ray hartoombe returned to the one spot in which she could feel what comfort was left to her-her own room in gloomy iroanaki house. the window of that room looked out to the front, and from it she might have seen the ruin of the oreek nay, even the waiting form of frederick baltran, but she drew down the blind and hid it all from her eyes. major hartoombe lost no time in obeying his mother's summons, and shortly after rester grimwade's disagreeable face had dies appeared from the doorway he was making his haughty way in the direction of mrs. harteombe's apartments. they were the best in the house, and she was waiting to receive her son in the straight.backed low chair in which most of her time was spent when she was not reclining on the old fashioned brocaded conch not far from her chair. a gaunt liknes of her handsome son was mrs. harteombe--a stiff, hard, cold grim woman of the" haughty harcombe" blood. did i say blood? as there any warm blood in the veins that showed rigidly on the woman's'hard, bony hand? did anything course through that square, stony frame? was there any heart at all to pump a vial fluid into those angular limbs, or to rouse the thoughts in that selfish brain? fbe was dressed in deep mourning-a mourning cut with the scantiness of her own heart, and of a material as harsh and unyielding as the woman's bitter nature. a cap of black net was on her dark hair, and in that hair there was not one bleached line for twenty that might have been counted in her son's. you wished to see me, mother ?" the major said as he sat down near this awful woman. " yes, rupert, i am afraid, sorely afraid. do you remember what day it is?" there was a pause, and then rupert hart combe whispered impetuonely "i had forgottenf it is christmas evel but why are you afraid, mother? we have passed safely through many a previous christmas eve." "hester is so strange." "i she has always been strange at this sea son since-since her illness." "yes, but she is stranger than ever, and has been looking at me with awful eyes all day, and laughing sometimes as if in a great triumph over me. rupert, if she should re member we are ruined." the major remembered the woman's man ner to himself but a short time previous, and his heart seemed to stop with fear. if heaster should remember-if she should recall the past the hononr of the hartoombes was lost for ever i did it ever occur to him that the vaunted honor of his great name had been laid in the dust years ago by him and his stern mother ? no, for the fact was as yet unknown to the world, he could brave the whispers of a halfsmothered consoience, but not the outspoken sentence of his fellow. men i "let us hope, it is not so, dear mother; but if, if, i say, hester should recall too much it must be our care to see that she keeps silence for ever i no half measures now, mother- we havew gone too far to stop at any obstacle." while the last membrs of the "haughty f zarteombsa" vqrs ·thosplstingevil agce   her, heater grimwade was engaged in close conversation with the writer of the lines that had caused ray hartcombe such feelings of indignation. hewasa youth of about twenuty one, with dark hair and aquiline features. he had the high, broad forehead of a man of intellect, but the deep-set canning that so frequently denotes a disonourable and unro liable nature. the woman held him by the' sleeve as she spoke rapid words that seemed to anger as well as to astonish him, and he tried to free himself of the fingers she clasped around his arm. " i will go l" he was saying. "why wasl i not toldalithislongago? ihavebeen brought up as an sofce drudge, and dragged here once a year in secret and like a beggar to see you -for what have i done so ?" "por the money that supplied your de bauches," the woman replied contemptu ously, "and not to see the unhappy mother that bore you i noow, you had another ob ject-it was to tempt the wife of major hart combe to dishonor." the young man turned away his fae and stamped his foot impatiently on the ground. "i loved her," he said, "you cannot under stand, iloved her." "no,i cannot understand. i am old, and i have forgotten i but there is one thing i shall not forget--i shahll not forget the last of the hanfiombeet" "you are certain ? you have sure proofs? you are not deceiving me ?" he asked eagerly as he looked into the flashing eyes that were so like his own. "you will see. eep theappointment and eou will see what theis christmas eve will bring forth." she took her hand from his arm as she spoke and walked out of the bash, near the creek, where they had been talking; the bridge i have alluded to was between her and the atone ruin, and hester paused in the' middle of it to lean on the hand-rail and look down tothe deep and ilent water beneath. what did she think of as she saw her own reflection in the anlm water? was.it of the change weary years had made in the once rounded and supple form, or of the ineeaurity of the old timber against which the leaned ? when a minnow or a water-spider darted across the surface and rafled the water so that she could not see her own face for the quivering fliid; was she trying to realise how it would seem with a pillow of water plants beneath it and a sereen of deep water between is, and the blue heaven so far above it? who can say ? for all she murmured was, "no one would ever know." she entered it by the opening next to the boanalii house, but sheltered from view of the windows by the thick growth of under wood; when the woman had entered within the ivied walls she saw standing opposite the door that faced the creek bay btarteombe with a letter inher hand.' itwasthe replyto frederick baltran's moulting lines and ray was about to slip it behind the ivy when hester grhinmwade's whisper was at her ear. "keep your letter," was what the woman said; "keep it until i tell you a christmas story." the young lady was so startled and terri fied that she dropped the note, which hester stooped and lifted. the woman was smiling, but when she noted the black border of the envelope she held a dark shadow came over her unpleasant face. "what is it black for? it is mourning, and i don't like it. why is it black, i say? " "i had no other at hand," bay returned, "but what right have yeso to question me ? how dare you follow me, and spy on my movements? " "i did not follow you, but if ihad, better i than your hueband" bay looked anxiousnely at the woman, for it was well-known to her that though a eapable and nseful attendant she was weak-mminded and subject to strange moods, in which she wee not always a safe companion. the young girl was afraid, and heatt grimwade saw it, and recognised the fact with a triumph. ant laugh. "what would the major give for this ? ". she asked with a contemptuous wave of the note she still held elosely. "i have a good mind to ask him." ray'slace fluh?,d crimson, but it was with anger. " you may take it to him and welcome," she proudly returned. "there is not a word in it that he might not seep." heater looked 'steadily into the face of major hartoombe's fair yonag wife, and then she laid the envelope in her hand as she spoke in a quieter tone: "i believe youn-i believe you from my heart, and i am sorry for you-sorry beyond all words of mine to tell." " why should you be sorry for me 5" ray asked with wondering interest. "why indeed? you are the wife of major harteombe, 'and are to be the proud mother of a new line of hanghty hartoombes, while i am only heater grimwade the humble de pendent of that great house ! how dare i pity the lady of broanaki ?" the woman's manner terrified bay, and she tried to pass her, but heater stretched her bony hand across the doorway and pointed through the ivy to the creek, now shimmering in the rays of a red sunset. " stay and look at the water. have you never wished to sleep below it, where you could see no living face and hear no earthly words?" "i have, often," the fair girl replied sadly, as her mournful eyes followed the women's pointing finger. "and so have i, hundreds of times; but i had to live for a day of reckoning, and the day has ome--thank god it is here, and the sun of it is setting i do not be afraid, poor child; i will not harm you with my hands, yet my weerds must kill you! " bay had shrunk from her until the pale dese she wore was crushed against the dusty ivy, but as hester spoke the last words pity ingly, she let her arm drop from the door, andthe yong girl hurried past her and up toward boanain house, the grim windows of which the setting sun was now flooding with a red light as of blood. bay shuddered as she looked up when she pased the stone figures of the unearthly griffins, and entered the door of the home that had been to her but a prison esine she erossed its fateful threshold a few nionthe before. "i must bear it pll," she thought, when she had reached the shelter of her own room. " there is no hope of relief. but surely the day will come that must end it all too, and then i shall see my mother again." "i wonder it she knows how great was the mistake she made ? i wonder if she sees me here with my hard and loveless task masters? i[wonder-i wonder?" she was thinking it over and over as the last light faded'in the west and the star~became visible in the pale solemn sky. she sat for long in the window of her room-sat with her hands clasped on her lap, and her eyes wandering from the starlit heavens to the dark slopes of the dargong hills, and the shadowed hollows where the boanaki greek slept and hid its seerets from the very night- bhirds that sereamed by its waters. a lonely and sad dening soene it was, and a lonely and sad heart hest slowly in the bosom of fair bay hartoombe. whendoes thetempter" go to andfro upon the earth?" is it in the garish lisht of day, when men "make lateto be rish,' or at night when the shadowa o earth are darkest, and the bhurdenns oi are hea?iest? doeshe whisper his lleswhen the.ianis abroad, or thsnthe hlynib kspwae oe ~~ grvsfn itwah si- tennhr   i wot of, or whispering in the ear of unhappy bay, as she spent those lonely hours at the window of her room? she heard the curlew's scream as a call to rest, down in the still waters where not even a ripple broke under the bank by the old ruin. the moon, as it rose, laid a path of light straight to her feet. would she listen to the whisper of the tempter? would she obey the night- bird's call? would she follow the path of silver that led to rest? there is yet no answer, for ray awoke from her dream to find heater grimwade standing at her side, and heater gritmwade's voice in her ears. " the majar is ill, and he wants his wife." the woman spoke wildly, and as one in triumph, and her eyes were blazing like coals of fire in the gloom. "i, am you sure? i am sorry, but i can do no good. i think i sim asleep." the poor girl pressed her hands to her head as she said the words brokenly, and hester bent over her pitingly. " it is the moon," she whispered," i often feel it so, but it is christmas eve, and the end is near--come." ray followed the woman out, and down the broad, low-ceilinged passage, until the door of major harteomb's room was reached, when, without knocking, she entered, drawing the bewildered girl behind her. the major sat by the table as he had sat earlier when rayhad almost defied him. his head was sunk on his breast, his two hands leaning heavily on the genealogical chart yet open before him.. his mother's white face was bent over him, hard and cold no longer, but full of an agony and a despair that might have belonged to an unselfish woman and a devoted mother. she was trying to draw him back so that his chair might support the drooping frame, but.he leaned still on his hands and watched the approach of his yocng wife. when he saw her he made a great effort, and erected himself for a moment. " she is mad il" he cried, lifting one hand and pointing it at the woman heater. "do not believe theliel he is madl" "are you so ill, rupert ?" the low sweet tones of ray asked. "what can i do for you ? " "send her away. she is mad i" " send the lady of roanaki away from the inheritance of her son, the last of the haoghty hartcombes? you must be ill, indeed, to give soch advio i stand back, ray woods, my place is here i" and she laid her bold hand firmly on the parehment near the thin fngers of the dying man. "what does she mean?" ray asked, as she drew back in fear. "is she really mad, oram i dreaming still?" "neither, poor child," hester answered pityingly. "i am the lawful wife of majo~r hartombe, and this is my son, the heir of boanaki. your hour of retribution has come, rapert harteombe. confess, and die in peace, since you are not the slast of the hart combes i" while she was speaking, with one hand pointing to the inner doorway, a young man had advanoed and stood before mrs. hart combe and the major. at one glance-bay recognised the young man she had known as fredrick baltran. what did it mean? what awfunl visitation had met the house of hart combe on this dread evening ? "speak, rapert, if but a word, to deny this i mother, have you no words to put thibs shame from me? am i no wife ? rupert, in the name of that god you are about to face, i charge you to tell me the truth i" "forgive mel" he murmured, and fell bask into his mother's arms dead. mire. hartcombe laid him back in the chair gently, and then turned her awful, drawn face toward the woman hester. "you have killed him as surely as though you put a bullet through his heart," she said, en a tone that trembled as did the bony hand she raised in adjuration over the dead man's head. "may the curse of the widow and the mother rest on you and yours for ever and ever i go, and leave me with my dead i" even the demented woman was cowed by the aspect of the despairing mother, and drew back to the side of her son, but her words were not silenced. " you are welcome to your dead son so long as i have my living one the heir of the hart combe's i come away, my lad, i am the lady of lloansaki." .no one noticed the terror- stricken hay as she stole from the room of death, leaving the mother kneeling by the side of the dead man. no one saw the ghastly white face on the moonlit path down to the old ruin, and no living thing heard the splash in that deep water save the wondering curlew, and he rose on his broad wings and flew away from the dread spot with a scream of distress. it was an awful night at roanaki, and when the san rose again it shohe on the pale beautifel face of lost ray, as it lay on the grass near the creek from which she had been drawn. ." an awful affair l" "poor girl, what a fete i " there was always a mystery about hoanaki," were some of the whispers above the dead where major harteombe and his young wife were laid to rest in the lone graveyard under the dargong hills. "can any of you tell us the truth?'" a esa truth," the minister, who had come many miles, replied. "some twenty-two years ago hefell in love with his mother's maid, and married her clandestinely. shortly after wards mrs, hartcombe's mind gave way, and she was confined in an asylum for the nsane where, as later events have proved, she gave birth to the son who now inherits. in some manner she concealed the fact that this son was alive until christmas eve, when she pro duced him and the necessary proof of his legitimacy with the sad results you know of. no, the family were not aware that she was alive until the major had married again, when she returned to them so apparently disordered in mind that she remembered nothing of her marriage." "but she was feigning all the time ?" "it is now to be supposed so. one thing is, however, certain, the young man was quite ignorant that he was a harteombe until christmas eve." on the first day of the new year, roanaki was deserted. the unhappy mother of major harteombe had hidden herself in another colony, and fredrick, the heir, was arranging his unexpected property in melborner. al ready poor heater had been consigned to an sylum once more, where she repeated eon stantly that she was the "lady of roanaki." the ivy rustled sadly now round the lonely house, and only the courlew screams of the secrets hidden in the water he haunts by night when there are clouds in the moon's pathway.        7375		the flower of botany bay: an australian story   chapter i   the flower of botany bay   an australian story   by eliza winstanley author of "twenty straws," &c.;, &c.;, &c.;   chapter i.   my recollections of sydney travel back to the year 1833, when george-street, the principal thoroughfare of the then youthful town, lay red in its middle, and verdant between that and the side- walks. pleasant and sunny were all its ways in my eyes at that period, when the locusts buzzed their monotonous song in the hot air, and the sun poured down plant and flower, and every living thing alike, the glory of his scorching beams.   at the time of which i write, i was a girl of twenty summers. english by birth, but fall of sincere love far australia, the land of my adoption. i cannot help feeling sad, nay, miserable to the very core, when i recall to ray memory the misfortunes and sufferings of one who was the darling friend of my heart. she was the daughter of a sea captain trading 'twixt sydney and hobart town, who was absent from his home for long months together. closing my eyes, how vividly i can recall the lovely features of ethel beverly, while sweetly creep her musical accents upon my mental ear. yet i shudder as i bring back to my remembrance her lineaments—the melting accents of her winning voice. his only child, motherless since her birth, her father held her most precious. he bestowed upon her the best education his means could command in the colony, and she did full credit to her teachers in every branch, whilst her personal attractions daily and hourly increased, until she won for herself, from all who knew her, the title with which i have headed my simple tale. hers was the beauty of the lily, pure and fragrant, gentle and innocent. we lived next door to each other, and being constantly associated one with the other, we soon learned to entertain for one another   a sincere and sisterly affection. i had no sister of my own, neither had i any brother. ethel had a blind grandmother, in whose care she was always left, while i, my father too frequently engaged on whaling expeditions, lived under the humble but vigilant eyes of a kid old welsh- woman, who guarded me with a watchful and jealous affection. martha davis was a somewhat remarkable character in her way, but as good as gold; she was, indeed, a second mother to me, and i loved her very dearly, despite her constant reprimands for what she termed my thoughtless and bad behaviour from time to time. one day captain beverly returned home from sea, accompanied by a stranger whom he had picked up in mid-ocean, tossing about in a little boat, half naked, and in a starving condition. the unknown represented himself as the only living soul preserved from a french vessel burned to the water's edge whilst within view of the heads of port jackson. into his own house the simple, unsuspecting sailor brought the young english man ; introducing him into a home wherein innocence and peace had hitherto reigned; introducing him without a single doubt of the integrity of the man whom he had snatched from probably a lingering death, a death of starvation on the high seas. percy garstone was a man of fascinating manners, tall, well-featured, with a voice of winning sweetness. he was exactly the sort of individual to win a woman's best regards, and then, very likely, in the following moment to spurn as worthless the esteem he had won. i did not like him ; no, from the first instant my eyes met the shifting glance of his, i looked upon him with distrust, with a feeling akin to hatred, which, notwithstanding all my endeavours to lessen, daily and hourly acquired fresh strength and bitterness. the gentleman represented himself as one belonging to a rich family in england. he had, he said, lost all he possessed when the ill- fated ship paris went down, and that he would be destitute of means until he could communicate with relatives in the old country, or make arrangement with some banking-house of sydney, which might afford him a little pecuniary assistance for the time being. to which captain beverly rejoined in his honest, sailor-like fashion, "tut, tut, mr. garstone, that be hanged for a yarn ! i won't hear of your having any banker just now by my own self. as for who and   what you are, have i not my own two eyes, my own to ears, to judge in that respect? i am not a needy man by any means, and can afford to be your friend to a certain extent. lord bless you, sir, jack beverly has managed to feather his nest pretty well ; not for himself, sir, but for his one solitary chick— his bonny ethel. ah, she is my sole consolation, my pride, my joy ! i give you my word, mr. garstone, that that dear girl has been my preserver from all sorts of evil besetting a man's path ! with her sweet image in my heart, do you think i'd ever be tempted to touch an extra glass of grog, or give utterance to an oath? no ; and as for a strange woman's smile, or bless you, sir, i would no more think of minding it than i would the dash of salt spray in my face. i always said, and i would have stuck to it up to this moment, that i would never place a step-mother over my girl. why, it would break my heart to do so, for she loves me with a jealous affection, i can tell you, sir; a love which i do my very uttermost to reciprocate according to her deservings. i care for my good ship—would go down to the bottom of the sea with her, but for my girl's sake i cannot say what i would or would not do for that. zounds ! i believe i would brave singe-handed a combat with a hundred hungry sharks without a craft at hand to lend me a helping finger. but, hold hard there!" the sailor added, passing the back of the rough brown hand across his humid eyes. "hold hard, i say ; for what can a young gentleman like yourself know about the feelings of a father? yet, you have seen my pretty flower, and may understand that it's no difficult task on my part to look at her fondly, and esteem her as the greatest treasure heaven has bestowed upon me. but enough of it, mr. garstone ; understand that i am not only to be your banker until you hear from your friends at home, but your host likewise for that specified period. that's settled, eh?" "my dear captain beverly, how can i thank you sufficiently, how prove my gratitude to you, the saviour of my life?" the young man cried, with a burst of what appeared to be genuine feeling. "at the present moment i am literally a beggar, and—" "hush, hush ; not another word !" interrupted the old sailor, kindly. "it was a proud moment for me, i can tell you, when i picked you up outside the heads of port jackson, drifting, drifting, lord save us al, to eternity! you were nigh dead when my eyes lit on you first ; i thought   it was all up with you when we hauled you over the side of my ship ; but before we touched land you became as lively as one of mother carey's chickens and as strong as a whale. by george! i never saw a fellow like you for devouring food ; i can assure you you found the ship's cook plenty of work. ha! ha! i can't help laughing when i call to mind with what a famishing expression you used to swallow our salt beef and crunch the hard biscuits, set before you in the cuddy ! poor fellow, how severely you must have suffered tossing for so many long days on the lone ocean without food, without even a drop of fresh water with which to cool your parched lips ! it was a horrible position to be paced in ; heaven in its mercy preserve me from ever being placed in a like one !" "amen," murmured the younger man, in accents almost inaudible. then the door to the room opening with a creaking hinge, he looked up suddenly to rest his gaze on ethel beverly, the beautiful daughter of the preserver of his life, the only child of his generous host. the girl flushed a rosy red, and her eyelids drooped their long, dark lashes for an instant, touching gently her downy cheeks. he looked ill at ease, in some way. he rose from his seat in some slight confusion, and then sat down again, unable, for a minute, to utter a single word, and acting in a very awkward manner — in a manner sadly at variance with his usually graceful behaviour. but neither the captain nor his daughter noticed the confusion of their guest. the sailor's honest nature harboured no sort of suspicion on the subject of the young stranger who was thus sojourning beneath his roof in peace and in plenty ; he trusted him implicitly, never once dreaming of treachery or evil on the young man's part, but all the while deeming him as fair in heart as he was in outward form. he saw mr. garstone accompanying ethel in her daily walks abroad, and thought no harm of the fact, nor did he ever deem it worth his while to allude to it. ethel appeared to him to be hourly growing more and more lovely, and his fatherly eyes failed to see anything farther than that about her. he could not note the sudden and vivid flush that would mantle her cheeks when ever the stranger approached her ; the soft, quivering accents in which she always responded to his voice whenever it addressed her ; not did he guess how violently her heart throbbed on such occasions. no, captain beverly was blind to everything ; blind when he should have been open- eyed and on the alert to what was passing around him. but such was not the case with me ; i could see only too plainly the growing intimacy between my sweet friend and the stranger, whose honourable intentions towards her i greatly doubted, doubted without exactly knowing why or wherefore. perhaps i was a little jealous, because i felt that he had stepped in between ethel and myself and interrupted the cabs and constant flow of our hitherto warm friendship. i had no neighbourly gossip with her now ; no strolls by her side through the government domain and down amongst the rocks by the sea- side; all our once pleasant intercourse with each other seemed to hare come all of a sudden to an end. i certainly entered her house every day ; indeed, to speak the truth. i could not altogether stay away from her, but i could feel that she did not receive my visits as heretofore ; that she seemed embarrassed and ill at ease in my presence, and only smiled when i rose to take my leave of her, to go back to my home and have a long cry of regret for the sisterly love i so prized and had lost, lost for evermore. and captain beverly went again to sea, and left the stranger under his hospitable roof; leaving his sweet daughter exposed to all the blandishments of a man well-versed in the cruellest of deceptions. but the old sailor had learned to entertain a strong liking for his young guest, and confided in him thoroughly. he thought poor, suspecting man that ethel was safe from all sorts of harm guarded by her old, blind kinswoman. captain beverley had advanced mr. garstone a   hundred and fifty pounds ; and now the gentleman, much to his personal advantage, shone forth in glossy raiment, in well-cut clothes, the best tailor in sydney having been employed to fashion them. sage martha used to make her observations to me on matters passing next door. one day, as she was laying the cloth for dinner, i could not help remarking her excited manner. i could see plainly that she had something on her mind, something of an unpleasant nature, and of which she wished to unburden herself without delay. she broke forth at length. "pretty goings on, as i can see !" she begun, making an unnecessary clatter as she set down her knives and forks, and spoons. "iss, iss ; martha's no fool, whatever they may think ; she knows that two and three count five. take my honest word for it, he be a rascal, a rightdown one, else i haven't a ounce of good sense in my head. captain beverly was worse than a babby to leave miss ethel alone with such a two-faced scoundrel — " "of whom are you speaking, martha?" i asked, interrupting her. "i call it bein' alone. for what sort o' protection to her can be that old grandmother, who cannot see her own hand before her?" the good woman ran on, without affording me an answer. "lor, if i had but my will, i'd tell him the time o'day pretty sharply. i cannot write or read a haporth, but i've a tongue in my head that can reckon up a rogue at any hour ; iss, iss ; leave me alone for that !" and, so saying, she banged down a plate with such noisy emphasis that it straightway divided in two, at which unexpected accident martha coloured with vexation. "there drat it, it's gone un' broke itself ! my ! 'but the heat o' this country is somethin' orful to crackery ; ware!" "the heat of your temper you mean is, martha," i answered, with a laugh. "well, mebbee you're right, mistress," returned the worthy creature, with an independent toss of her middle-aged head, upon which the hair had visibly thinned and grown grey. "but isn't it enough to raise all the gall that's in one when one comes to think o' these goin's on under one's very nose, as one may say ?" "what goings on do you mean?" i inquired. "explain yourself, martha." "my ! but i'm sore vexed about the breakin' o'   this pate! !" bewailed she, gathering up the piece as she spoke. "explain yourself," i repeated. "what need for me to do so, mistress, since matters is as pain as the nose on one's face?" true. i understood her meaning clearly. i had a very bad opinion of mr. garstone, and i knew the amiable and affectionate deposition of the old sailor's daughter ; yet, when i calmly contemplated matters, i could not believe she would prove herself to be so weak as to be led into error by this man, fascinating as i could not help acknowledging him to be within my own secret mind. now, although i could perceive that i was longer a welcome visitor to my next door neighbour, i still continued my calls upon her, refusing to notice the cold way in which i was ever received by her, and the glances of supreme contempt and hatred which mr. garstone always flung upon me when he met. but his looks affected me not, black as they were ; for if he could scowl darkly upon me, i could also scowl just as darkly upon him. indeed, there was no love lost between us, and that ethel seemed to fully comprehend. i could read the varying expression of her lovely features as i could read the open page of some printed book, and i construed her feelings accordingly. she feared lest i should discover her secret, supposing she had been one to conceal ; and by-and-bye i found that she began to avoid encountering my eye, that she was lying down with a "bad headache," and could not see me when i called upon her. but, notwithstanding all the many disappointments i encountered in this shape, i still persevered in my wonted line of conduct towards her. i felt deeply hurt at her behaviour towards me, but i mentally prayed that a day would soon arrive when i should once more regain the loving friendship at present stifled in her heart, when it would gush forth as of old in one loving end continuous stream in my direction. my wounded spirit was upheld by hope — that stout staff upon which we all of us, rich and poor, old and young, never cease to lean till the grave closes over our heads and we are in eternal peace.       chapter ii   chapter ii.   one morning martha burst in to the room in which i was sitting, sewing, abruptly, and with a face full of strange intelligence. "my goodness days, mistress!" she commented, with characteristic earnestness, and with uplifted hands; "what one lives to larn in this blessed world of ourn! it's a wonder to me that the skies don't fall upon us all an' squash us up for our false- heartedness an' wickedness! he's gone, mistress," she went on. "oh, ay ! an' she be in a   fit of sterricks!" "who, who?" i cried, my soul of a sudden presaging some coming evil to my dearest earthly friend. "who is gone? and who is in hysterics?" "lor, mistress, can't you guess? took himself off in quite a mysterious way; didn't give no soort o' waarnin' to nobody; stole away like a thief in the darkness o' night. pity he hadn't done so sooner for her sake, poor delooded young lady!" "martha, martha!" i broke forth, impatiently— "martha, are you speaking of miss beverly—of my next-door neighbour?" "iss, iss, mistress, an' of him also, the abominable rascal!" "of mr. garstone, martha?" "iss, iss, mistress." "he is gone away?" "iss, iss, mistress." "who told you all this?" "why, the bit gurl of a sarvent they keep, an' no other." "the tale may be a false one," i suggested. "false!" repeated martha, "but i heerd the sterricks, mistress." at this instant i heard a quick step in the front verandah, and, before martha could hasten forward to ascertain who was the newcomer, ethel beverly, her face white as the linen i was stitching, her whole appearance disordered, filled up the open door-way, and next tottered across the threshold and fell into a chair, where she lay back with closed eyes, colourless lips, and heaving bosom. i started up in alarm, and thoughtful martha rushed off for a glass of cold water for the poor sufferer, who soon recovered from her half-swooning condition, and looked up. but when she encountered my eyes, she uttered a long wailing cry, drooped her head, and covered her face with both her hands. here martha quitted the room with a quiet stop, closing the door after her, and ethel beverly and i were left alone together. i did not attempt to disturb her, i suffered her to weep on without offering a single word. she had come to confide in me, probably to reveal to me some heavy trouble, and to seek my empathy. i waited until by degrees her sobbing became less violent, and her hot tears had ceased to now. but even then she did not remove her bands from before her eyes—her attitude, so full of grief and utter despair, remained unchanged. by-and-by she did from her chair, slid into a kneeling posture at my feet and bid her head on my lap in utter humility and self-abasement. "winny! winny!" she at length gasped forth, "oh, winny! dear, good, kind friend! be merciful to me a miserable sinner!" all this without lifting her head, and still in the old grovelling attitude, which pained me to see her in. "rise, ethel," i said, with emotion. "no, no, winny! let me remain where i am!" she returned, in tones suffocated and hoarse. "i dare not took you in the face, for i am a vile thing— a creature i fear to name to you." i flung my arms around her shuddering form, and strove to arise her; but she drew herself out of my grasp, away from me altogether, and with a stifled cry of anguish threw herself prone upon the floor, where she lay, her whole frame convulsively shaking.   "ethel, dear girl," i resumed, presently, "try to be tranquil, and tell me the cause of your trouble." "tell you, winny!" she repeated, almost wildly, "that is what i came here to do; but now i am here i find i have not the courage to tell you the story of my shame, my wretchedness and ruin. oh, my poor father! how shall i ever meet your kind eyes again! how shall i offer you my lips more to press?" i made no reply to this frantic outburst, but fell back in my chair, my senses half-stunned by her words, which i could not affect to misunderstand. presently i looked down at the fair being; my heart was full of pity for her; my eyes were flooded with scalding tears. i strove to speak, but could not, for my tongue felt paralysed. i could not move it in my mouth; it seemed to fill it entirely, to choke me quite. i wanted to clasp her to my bosom, and whisper words of sympathy in her ear. what was i, that i should dare to level reproaches against her for her wrong doing ? i loved her like a sister, and, like a sister, i could forgive and forget all her faults, even were they countless as the waves of the sea. finding i remained silent, and misconstruing the cause of that silence, ethel rose of a sudden to her feet, and then made staggeringly towards the outer door opening into the verandah, where she stood clinging to one of its pillars, wholly unable to proceed any further. i lost no time in reaching her side. i caught her with my arms and gathered her to my   breast with an exclamation of sympathy and love, crying, as soon as i could command speech: "dear ethel, do not run away from your fast and loving friend; come back with me into the house, and tell me all about your unhappiness? come, come, you must not deny me your confidence, your full confidence; believe me to be worthy of such. come!" she did not make me any sort of reply, did not even lift up her eyes to me; but, releasing herself from my affectionate grasp with an abrupt jerk, she tottered helplessly across the verandah. i followed after her, for i had begun to dread, lest in her dark despair she might be driven to commit some rash deed. the bay was close at hand; she might seek in its bosom repose for her harrassed spirit, repose eternal. but she made no sort of resistance; she suffered me to lead her back to the room we has just quitted, where i placed her on a sofa, and seated, myself by her side, keeping my arm, still around her.   silently she sat with her gaze fixed vacantly upon the ground; her white lips drawn inward; her pretty hands clenched tightly; her bosom heaving convulsively; i made no attempt to arouse her; i waited until she made some sign. oh! how she shivered from time to time; then, unclenching her hands, she wrung them, and uttered feeble moans. presently she made an effort to speak, and failed in that attempt. but stall i waited patiently. at length she moved, and threw herself upon my breast. "he is gone, winny, he is gone!" she cried, in broken accents. "yes, he has left me to weep over my shame." "mr. garstone?" "mr. garstone, winny;" she answered, between her closed teeth, and in a savage manner "the man who swore he loved me, loved me better than his own life! oh, misery and ruin! yes, he went away without a farewell word to me—went without, offering me a single syllable in the shape of explanation for his sudden departure. strange and cruel, strange and cruel! whither is he gone? oh, heaven, shall i never behold his face again ? i feel, winny, as if i were losing my senses. my brain, my poor brain, lay your hand upon my brow and feel how it burns! i did as she requested, and found her forehead hot to my touch. "did he, mr. garstone i mean, leave no letter behind to explain his conduct?" i by-and-by ventured to ask gently. "no, no; not a single line," ethel replied, brokenly. "he went away in the dead of night heaven pardon him. went away by stealth, leaving me to die of a broken heart, me, me who had so blindly believed in and trusted him! what shall i do, dear winny? i must search for him—search for him without delay—" "but if he be a bad man, he will be better lost than found," i interrupted her to say. "not so, not so, dear winny," she rejoined, with frantic speech. "ah, you do not understand what it is to love a roan as i do—what it is to put your whole faith in him as i have done!" at this moment i was thankful for my want of knowledge in such a matter, but i kept my thankfulness unspoken— kept it within my own breast "whither do you think he is gone?" i inquired. "if he have not sailed away in some shop, i should suppose him to be in sydney. in sydney —close by us! oh, then he will come back here again: he surely will."   she shook her head, doubtingly. "yes, yes, he will return to you without a doubt. then he must act like an honourable man towards you— repair his errors, and make you a happy woman. "if i could but think as you think, dear winny, how different this world would appeal to me; how bright, how blissful then." "well, hope for the best," consoled i. "i feel as if i had bidden farewell to every earthly hope," she murmured, despondently. "winny, winny, you will not forsake me; undeserving and sinful though i am, you will not scorn me?" "never, ethel," i returned, with earnestness. "trust me, and rely upon my faithful friendship, my unalterable affection for you." "heaven, bless you, winny, for your words of comfort to me—a poor, lost creature, unworthy of your notice. i wonder you do not turn me from your door? many another woman would have done so," she said, with an expressive shrug, and a sigh that was almost a groan. "and you will be my friend to the last, eh, winny, to the very last?" she added, with anxious expectation in her inquiring glance, which drooped a second after with quivering eyelids. "i will be yours truly, ethel, whatever trial or misfortune may beset your path. say how i may serve you at the present moment?" "come with me to sydney," she responded, eagerly. "what, now?" "this very hour, winny." "how can we travel tither?" "i will manage that matter." "and the object of such a journey?" "to search for him," she answered quickly, lifting up her head, and throwing it back with a resolute sir. i shrank with dismay on hearing these energetic words. search for this man, this man around whom i had begun to suspect some dark mystery circled. alas! i could not undertake to assist her in this (to me) odious task. i thought i would attempt to dissuade her from it, and with that desire i observed with much gentleness, for i felt that she must be treated with extreme consideration, persuasion and kindness. "my dear ethel, let me advise you to wait with al the calmness you can command for a day or two; who knows but a few short hours may either bring him back here, or a letter from him. you must not go after him; if you did do so, depend upon it you would meet with nothing but disappointment and aggravation for your paints! remember your sex, your youth, and your beauty, and pause. there would be positive indelicacy in such an errand as this you would set yourself; it seems to me unfeminine, indelicate and—" and here i broke off, not knowing how to proceed further. "unfeminine, indelicate!" she repeated, "i never thought of that, nor can i do so now. i must go to sydney, and will do so, even if i go thither alone," she concluded, resolutely. "alone! my dear ethel, now you are talking without reflection. but if you are determined to act contrary to prudence, i will not oppose your wishes; but you must allow me to say that, though i may accompany you on this unpleasant errand, i shall not grace it with my approval; i could not do so." "oh, winny, winny!" she cried, reproachfully; and then she recommenced wringing of her hands, and her dry lips quivered with deep emotion. looking upon her thus, my feelings gave way, and i at once promised to accompany her to sydney (a short drive away) where she proposed taking some quiet lodgings for a week whilst she could make some inquiries respecting the missing mr. garstone. i told my faithful servant my intention, giving her a brief sketch of affairs as she stood with my unhappy next door neighbour, at which she shook her head vehemently, and over and over again showed marks of severe disapproval as i went on. "when i had concluded, she coughed ominously, and began, grandly, her head erect, her cheeks flushed, her muscular arms folded across her wide chest: "miss winifred," she commenced, in tones full of reproof, "miss winifred, i'm astonished at your thinkin' o' sich a thing; and ef i am so, what would your dear father say to it war he at home at this moment to know of these wild doin's on the next o' his darter? mistress, i take the liberty of tellin' you that, in his absence, i looks upon myself as both your mother and father put together, as far as this, protectin' you from all sorts o' harms, an' takin' good care o' you in every respect, and i set myself in strong opposition agin your goin' off to sydney a searchin' for this mr. garstone, who, i'll take my oath any day in the week, aren't a bit better than he ort to be. i formed my 'pinion about his character the very fust time i set my two eyes upon him. i made up my mind he was no good, an' he's not." i made her no reply, and she ran on in the same strain, saying, in conclusion: "two young ladies a goin' a huntin' up a gentleman! who ever heard o' sich a thing!" 'taint respectable, to say the very least on it." "i am perfectly of your opinion, martha," i answered, with conviction, "but what can i do? i cannot possibly suffer the poor creature, half frantic as she is, to go on this errand alone." "let her wait where she is, an' see what'll turn up by- and-by," suggested martha, very sensibly. "it aren't right or proper for a couple o' pretty young gurls to be a flyin' about the country together alone, an' after—gracious knows who!" "i agree with you, martha; but you will tell me what i am to do?" stay sensibly and quietly at home, mistress," was her characteristic rejoinder. "but," objected i, "i have promised her to—" "join her in an act of folly," snapped up the worthy woman, concluding my broken speech with one of her own." "but," resumed i, obstinately, "a promise is a promise, a bond of honour, which must not be broken." "a silly promise is better broken than kept," she very sagely retorted. i remained silent, for i really felt the truth of her arguments and was already weary of opposing them. i was wondering how i should act. i could not leave ethel unprotected by my friendship. i must watch over her for at time, and guard her with my presence, was my mental determination. but there came an obstruction in the shape of sickness on the part of ethel, which for several long days prevented her carrying out the project she was contemplating. her brain was affected, and she could not leave her bed, where she lay delirious at intervals. some times she could not recognise me or anyone near her, but lay tossing on her pillow, apparently racked with physical anguish, such as it lay not in her power to explain. the doctor would shake his head over her, but could afford her no possible relief. he was not a very clever man, and being young in his profession, lacked that wide experience necessary to cope with such a serious case as the one before him now. he used to cup and blister her—as was the fashion in those days—until he brought her almost to the brink of the grave. martha, who was ethel's self-elected nurse during the fit of dangerous illness, showed a strong objection to the doctor's treatment in this case, and one day she took it upon herself to tell him a bit of her mind on the subject. "lookee yere, doctor," she began, in her own blunt fashion, "what's the good of all your blisterin' an' cuppin' o' the poor young lady yere? you're a doin' n o earthly good to her; you're only a torturin' of her an' a draggin' of her, step by step, towards her coffin, dear, sufferin' lamb! i do believe it lays in my own hands to cure her sooner than in yours. that's a bould speech for me to make, seein' what a humble, ignorant creature i be; but it's only the truth, arter all, an' what on earth be better than that, i'd like you to tell me?" the man of medicine felt deeply offended at these rough and unwelcome words, on the part of the blunt by good-hearted welshwoman; and very natural it was that he should feel indignant and walk away, as he did, never to return to his fair patient more. but martha was right in her judgment. from the hour that was she left to act alone and un- interfered with, her treatment of the siling one showed favourable results, and ethel slowly but surely began to recover. she regained her strength very gradually, but she had no relapses, no weakening pull-back to contend against; her youth and her good constitution together bore her across the gulf of desolation into a safe haven. but ethel left her bed with an unchanged determination. she was paler and thinner, but otherwise she was in all things the same being as before. i saw this plainly, and forbore to oppose her will since i could perceive no use in so doing. a whole month had now elapsed since mr. garstone's sudden and mysterious disappearance from my neighbours' house— the kindly shelter so generously afforded him by the good man who had preserved his life— and no news had reached ethel respecting him. base was the return he had made for the hospitable reception he had had accorded him by captain beverly and his young and beautiful daughter. his black ingratitude seemed unparalleled, his cruelty wolfish and inhuman; and ethel beverly, notwithstanding his treacherous conduct towards her, loved this man, loved him with a blind adoration worthy a better object far. i used to hate the mere mention of his name, which she was never tired of repeating the whole day long, as if the sound of it were sweetest music to her ear. she still talked of setting forth in search of him, accompanied by me, and i had not the heart to say nay to her; neither did martha longer set her face against the proposed arrangement, since i had promised that she should go with us and remain by our side al the while we were absent from home. accordingly, i shut up my cottage one fine, sunny morning, and started off with ethel for sydney, in a vehicle borrowed from a distant neighbour who had undertaken to drive us to town. sturdy martha was crushed up in a corner with not room to stir a finger; but she made no complaint on that score, but sat bolt upright, like a soldier on a drill.       chapter iii   chapter iii. arrived at our place of destination, we soon met with lodgings to suit us. then ethel set herself to work on the business she had so foolishly undertaken to perform. oh, how she walked! up and down george-street to begin with, then along pitt- street, next up king-street, following which we traversed elizabeth-street, with the old racecourse to our left. but ethel's gaze was constantly on the stretch for the object of her quest, she caught not a glimpse of him. "he's gone off in some ship or other, i'll bet, mistress, an' a blessed good riddance of such rubbidge, i say," martha cried, when i recounted to her alone in the evening the non-result of our wanderings that day. "lor, lor, what a pity miss beverly will not be advised, an' act like a sensible young lady! i'm afeard, if so be as she does find the rascal—fur rascal he is to a dead sartinty— i'm afeared, i say, that somethin' orful will come to happen in one road or other," she went on, with conviction. i also had my fears on the subject, and i began to pray that he might not cross our path, and that we might not hear any tidings of him. and, for a length of time, it seemed as if my prayers were answered, for although ethel's quest never relaxed, we failed to hear one word about him. she fairly wore me out for i was not accustomed to take such long walks under the rays of the burning sun, and i was earnestly wishing to return   home; and i said as much to her; but she refused to listen to me, saying that she would not give up her task just yet, although she allowed that her patience was well-nigh exhausted; body and mind, too, i thought, for she had begun to look haggard and wretched, and very different in all respects from her former beautiful self. martha, not i, discovered ethel's terrible secret; i was too young, too inexperienced in such a matter to even suspect it, and my poor friend had not so much as once hinted at the subject. under such circumstances it would be almost an impossibility for her to much longer hide the story other down fall and ruin, i reflected. my very heart wept for her. "but are you quite, quite sure, martha, that such is the case with her, poor, unhappy girl?" i asked, in choking accents. "am i sure?" scoffed martha. "am i a infant, a babby in arms, mistress? that's my hand, aren't it? you sees it to a sartinty," she continued, holding forth as she spoke, a plump, red, but cleanly one. "very well; it's as true as that. oh, i am not to be deceived on that theer pint, take my word for it." "i hope and trust you are, martha," i rejoined, earnestly; "for, oh, what would become of her, were this to prove true of her?" the woman shook her head, and sighed sadly. "you may be deceived, martha," i resumed. "l have read of people, people clever and wise, falling into such-like error." "but the thing stares you in the face, mistress, if you only had the eyes to see it." i was silent, i had no tongue to contradict her, no judgment to warrant me in so doing. i could talyes there bowed down with grief for the error of my friend. "tax her with it, an' hear what she'll say to you about it," resumed martha. "tax her with it? not for the world would i do so," i answered, with a blush of shame and a shiver of pain. "what will she do? oh, her poor father, what will he say when he learns the sad tale? he will surely sink under the weight of his disgrace." "aye, an' she's just trying to make matters even worse than they are;" said martha, "actin' as she's actin', in thus endeavourin' to hunt this fellow up, she's a lowering herself in the dust, in the very dust." what could i say in return, since i thought as she expressed herself! i wished that i could speak to ethel herself on the subject, but i shrank at the mere thought of doing so—shrunk back with a natural feeling of delicacy which, under present circumstances, the reader may readily understand. on the following day ethel put an advertisement in the sydney herald addressed to the missing man, in which she implored him to make his present whereabouts known to her. she was so far prudent as to withhold her name—she merely gave her initials. she waited three whole days for an answer to that advertisement, waited in a fever of excitement which almost drove her distracted; but no reply arrived. she wept now in hopeless sorrow and despair; to witness her tears and to hear her sobs of anguish cut me to the soul. i strove to offer her consolation, but found myself unable to find words to calm her, i therefore left her to herself, feeling that it would be best to do so. when she had wept until she could weep no longer, the fountain of her tears being literally dried up, she came to me with scarf and bonnet on, asking me to accompany her to the government domain. i could not refuse her this favour, although i knew that the walk she proposed would be only another race after that object to whose whereabouts we had hitherto fallen to find even the faintest clue. we went together on foot. ethel looked like a very spectre, so hollow-eyed and haggard was she; but she hurried along swiftly, and as if she saw in front of her the object of her pursuit, and was using all her might in order to overtake him. she rushed onwards so fast that i could not at last keep up with her, and dropped upon a hillock near, fairly overcome with fatigue and the extreme heat of the day together. when she found me pause she pause likewise, panting for breath, but yet with that eager light i had so often observed in her eyes lately, blazing there brighter than ever. "you are tired, winny?" she said, presently. "yes," i answered. "are not you, ethel?" "no, not i," she replied. "we have walked no distance as yet." "true; but you hasten along so quickly, ethel," i pleaded, wearily, "and the weather is so hot." she made me no reply, but turned round her head with a sudden jerk, and stood with parted lips and started eyeballs, listening. "what is it?" i inquired, listlessly. "hush!" she cried, in a whisper, and placing a trembling finger on her white lips. i now bent my ear to listen ; but i could hear no sound save that made by the stirring of the tree- leaves near me. ethel now moved stealthily towards a thick clump of bushes, and, rising, i mechanically followed her steps and gained her side. she pointed with her finger over the bushes, and nodded her head significantly in the same direction. i did not understand her actions. "i hear his voice," she spoke hoarsely in my ear. "at last, at last!" she added, in a transport of sudden delight. "his voice; whose?" i said, my mind in a state of mystification. "hark!" she exclaimed, "that's a woman who now speaks. listen!" i did so; when the following conversation reached my ear distinctly; "you know i love you, margaret. why, then, delay the happy day—the day i am so longing to see arrive?" these words were spoken by a man, sad that man was, without a doubt, percy garstone. a woman next spoke: "my dear percy, you most wait a little while longer. remember i have only been widowed eight months. we must study something like delicacy." "but we might be married secretly, you know, dearest," he suggested, persuasively. "i do not like to wait for my happiness; every hour's delay reckons itself in my mind a week, a month, a year!" he added, extravagantly. "oh, you dear deluder!" she laughed, lightly, "i fear i shall have to yield to your enticing powers," she added, with a sight of affectation. "but are you sure you love me— love me entirely as i confess i love you? say that it is not my large fortune that attracts you, that it is i myself that have won your regard— myself alone." "can you doubt that fact, my own sweet charmer?" he cried, rapturously. "i never have loved woman till now, my darling! my queen of beauty!" at this instant ethel beverly laid her hand upon my shoulder, which she clutched with convulsive fingers. "the traitor!" she muttered between her closed teeth. and then she dashed aside the green foliage, and, with me at her heels, stood in accusing sternness in front of the pair of lovers, who were seated close together on a stone seat hewn out of the solid rock, and facing the sea-shore. but was this man really percy garstone? his whole appearance was so much altered that i could not all at once recognise him as the same being; his light, tawny hair and whiskers were dyed black, his complexion likewise artificially embrowned; he was the colour of a gipsy. yet the same regular features existed, the same brilliant teeth as before; it was he himself certain enough. he started upon his feet at sight of ethel and me, and so did his companion, a lady certainly on the wrong side of fifty and attired girlishly in clear white muslin, whose arm he took while endeavouring to lead her away from the spot where he had just been so unexpectedly and unpleasantly interrupted. but ethel placed herself in front of the pair and barred their onward progress. they had only one way of quitting the spot, and that way was intercepted by ethel's upright figure, raised in a menacing manner. "by your leave, if you please," he said, in faltering accounts, as he made to pass my friend. "remain where you are, percy garstone;" ethel spoke witheringly, her pale features now deeply flushed with excitement, "remain where you are until you have heard say my say." "your say!" repeated mr. garstone's compasion indignantly. "who and what are you, madam, that you dare to address this gentleman in such familiar and impertinent manner? ethel laughed neeringly in the questioner's face, "who am i?" she cried. "ask the gentleman himself that question. ask him what i was when he first knew me, and the thing i am become through his vile and treacherous—" "oh, the girl is mad!" interrupted he, brusquely. "stand aside and let us pass, i say. i know you not—never before clapped eyes on you; you are in error if you take me for anyone you know, or have known. zounds! is not the word of a gentleman to be taken?" at this i stepped forward and confronted him boldly. ''the word of an honest gentleman, certainly," i interposed, in steady syllables, "but not yours, mr. garstone. oh, i know you well, ungrateful, wicked man as you are," i continued, fixing my unflinching gaze upon him. he started back a pace as i advanced nearer and yet nearer to him, and his full line blanched and twitched with evident fear. "ha, ha!" laughed he, in great confusion, "a good joke this, upon my word! my dearest," he went on, addressing his bewildered companion, "my dearest girl (the absurdity of his words made me now laugh), i really am ashamed to see you a witness to this ridiculous and annoying scene. the woman must be both of them mad; and how they could have got hold of my name, i really cannot imagine—" he added, awkwardly, and then breaking off in wordless trepidation. "this matter must be all satisfactorily explained to me," returned the widow, stiffly, and at the same time withdrawing her arm from his. "until you are able to prove to me that you are not the wicked person these young ladies take you to be, you and i must remain strangers to each other. good-day, mr. garstone," and she made to leave the spot, i standing aside to allow her to pass by me. she disappeared hastily. as she did so, mr. garstone's countenance assumed an expression almost, demoniacal. he turned upon his hapless victim, with his hands savagely clenched together, and raised with a menacing gesture. "wretch!" he broke forth, with passionate vehemence, "wretch, what want you with me?" "justice," i answered, supporting ethel, who looked on the point of fainting. "let her answer for herself," he snarled, darting upon me a look of fierce hatred. "go, leave us!" he commanded, waving me off with an authoritative hand. but i budged not an inch, formidable as he appeared to me in his wrath. i stood my ground with staunch persistence, for the moment had arrived when i thought i could really protect and assist my poor young friend. "are you going?" he resumed, addressing himself to me. "i shall not leave her," i replied, stoutly; "unless," corrected i, "she herself desires me to do so." "stay with me, winny, oh! stay with me!" she cried, clinging to me in great trepidation; "stay with me, dear friend, for i see murder in his eye," she added, in an under breath. "nonsense, ethel; he dare not harm either of us," i answered, in tones of conviction. she made me no immediate rejoinder, but clung   to me firmly, her face towards her destroyer into whose eyes she looked with an appealing, agonising expression piteous to witness. "not harm us, dear winny!' she said, presently; "don't be too sure of that," she added, in a whisper. "don't i say there's murder in his eye?" then she turned upon her destroyer, sad, raising her arm, she cursed him loudly and with bitter emphasis. "monster in human form!" she cried, bitterly, "monster—" but ere she could conclude the sentence, he had caught hold of her, and whirling her round, had flung her over the rock on which we then stood, into the foaming waters beneath. i stood literally paralysed. i could not stir. i could not utter the faintest sound. i was rooted to the spot like a figure of stone. i heard the splash made by her falling body into the water like one in a dream, and then i was aroused by a strange voice saying: "so we've nabbed you at last, have we, my escaped convict of diemen's land? did you think you could ever elude the vigilance of sergeant morony, bad luck to ye for the biggest villain as ivir i came across? come along, and no palaver, for such won't help you a bit. come along, and be hanged to you for—" but, ere the speaker could conclude his sentence, percy garstone, the, escaped convict from van diemen's land, had sprung over the rock into the foaming flood beneath, where he was swallowed up in a moment, and lost for evermore. reader, my story is finished. adieu.        7992		the mystery of queens' wharf   chapter i none   the mystery of queens'   wharf.   by g. walstab,   some of the older residents in melbourne may be able, on reflection, to recall to mind the incidents related in the following story. if they cannot, the fault is not mine, and they should, at any rate, give me credit for as much veracity as that accorded by the french readers of romance, founded on fact, to the now popular gaboriean.   if the events did not really occur as i describe, they ought to have done so, and depend upon it that, unless our police system is materially altered, they will do so sooner than will be agreeable to the individuals con- cerned and to society generally.   * * * * * * * *   " well, sir, it's about the oddest thing i've seen in my life, and i am blessed if i can make head or tail of it."   thus, to sub-inspector on duty or the night, speaks constable 233 of the city division, and what the said constable cannot make head or tail of, was certainly not pleasant to gaze upon.   it was a dark gusty night in july, the heavily laden clouds drooped like a pall over the city, and the rain drops fell with a persis- tent dreariness upon the body of a woman iying on the sodden planks of the queen's wharf in front of a group, consisting of the sub-inspector, the constable, and myself, who, in a sudden fit of that desire for anything in the shape of variety that seizes the bohemian mind of journalism, had taken a fancy to accompany my old friend the sub-inspector   on his rounds   "hold your bull's-eye a little lower, ronaldson," said the sub inspector.   the man did so, and we all bent over the dead woman.   death is never a pleasant sight at the best of times. the faces of those who have died peacefully in their beds, and are laid by tender loving hands on a flower-strewn bièr "covered with fair linen and shrouded with lace " may .wear one aspect. the faces of those lying   dead under the night sky, with the rain clouds in lieu of a tapestry covering, wear another. this was decidly another.   so far as we could see, the body which the constable had discovered on the wharf a few seconds before the sub-inspector and i came up, was that of a woman under thirty years of age. her hat, of velvet, bound with some sort of fur, lay close beside her, and her fair hair, though wetted with rain, was wound neatly round her head in the fashion prevalent some fifteen years ago, while round her neck was a tippet also of fur, which the constable, pre- vious to our arrival, had removed so far as to show a gaping wound in the throat, round which the blood was thickly clotted.   the features, though flecked in spots with blood, were refined and delicate. the hands and feet were small, well gloved and booted, and the whole attire, so far as we could see, was that of a woman above the lower order, " can't make it out at all, sir," repeated the constable. she don't look like a town one, and what any one else could be doing on the wharf at this time o' night puzzles me."   " the poor thing is evidently a lady said the officer looking at his watch, and as you say, ronaldson, it is a queer thing she should be here at this time of night—just one o'clock is not a time for wharf promenading, and there hasn't been a steamer in this evening.   the constable professionally swung his light to and fro for a moment, cast a rapid   glance up and down the wharf where half-a   day steamers lay moored and replied in the   negative.   "we can do nothing more here," con- tinued the officer. " go up to the barracks, ronaldson, and bring down four men and a stretcher to take her to the morgue, mr. wainright and i will stop here. leave your   bulls' eye, and be quick."   handing over his bulls' eye constable 233 stalked away with unruffled aspect and a step only a little out of the measure, evidently consoling himself with the idea that even walking in the pelting rain was better than standing still by the side of a murdered   woman.   " no case of suicide, evidently," said the sub-inspector bending again over the body and taking the small gloved hand in his. "no woman would have inflicted such a wound on herself—besides, look here !"   i looked as he requested while he held the light and then noticed what i had not before, the peculiar character of the wound. it had been inflicted evidently with a razor or very sharp knife, and some marks on the forehead, though half washed out by the rain showed that the head must have been bent forcibly backwards so as to give the murderer a full cut at the fair white throat, all the whiter for the crimson and black set-   ting of blood and fur in which it was fearfully framed. but the chief horror lay in the ap- pearance of the wound itself. the clearly incised edges had been dragged apart by sheer force, pieces of fur and leather half soaked in blood adhered to the skin, and on the chin   clearly and distinctly visible, were the marks   of a bite.   for the rest the dress was in no way dis- turbed, and a glance at the boots wet and almost sodden though they were with rain, showed no signs of a walk through the   streets.   a further examination, moreover, showed us the fragment of a watch chain fastened to her waistband, but no watch; but through her gloves we could feel that two or three rings on her fingers had not been disturbed,   "robbery and murder," said the officer shortly, as he regained his upright posture, "she's been dead evidently about an hour. must have struggled at first, and that's how all this fur and stuff got into the wound, and puzzled ronaldson, not much mystery after all, old fellow, when you come to look at it. i expect she missed a train or something, got a cab, and unfortunately for her the wrong one. cabby's in it, you may depend upon it. however, here comes the men with the stretcher. we must get her to the morgue, and you'll have to attend the inquest. sorry for the trouble, but it can't be helped.   i assisted in the unpleasant task of placing the dead girl on a stretcher and accompanied the melancholy procession to the morgue,   after which i shook hands with the officer and managed to get a cab to drive home.   i am not a timid man by any means, and as an old soldier i had seen blood-shed in plenty,   but i hadn't all my old friend's coolness, and the whole affair had made a most painful impression upon me,   the appearance of the wound, moreover, had puzzled me as much as the finding of the body in such a place as the wharf, had puzzled the constable,   the fact that a woman of the lower class,   a vagrant, or even a work woman, should   have been found on the wharf would not in such a city of melbourne have astonished any one. but that a well-dressed woman evi- dently belonging to the upper class of society should have found any occasion to visit the locality after midnight was more than sur- prising, unless indeed—and the thought flashed over me so suddenly that i almost jumped out of the cab. unless she had been killed elsewhere and then brought there.   i arrived home full of vague doubts and ideas, spent a wretched feverish night, and on reaching my office in the morning re- ceived a summons to attend the inquest in   the afternoon.   the mystery, however, was to some extent already solved. the newspapers had a full account of the finding of the body, and the police had not only succeeded in identifying the victim, but in finding the cabman and the   watch.   for the victim, she was miss helen d —, the daughter of a wealthy squatter in a neighbouring colony, on a visit at the time of her death in the family of mr. f—, an equally well-known resident in st. kilda; aged twenty-two, and an admitted belle in fashionable circles. indeed, had it not been for the disordered neck-tippet and the blood stains, both the sub-inspector and i would have recognised her before,   for the cabman, his name was robert collins, his oharacter was indifferent, and his habits drunken.   for the watch, sworn to by mr. f— and two of his maid-servants, it had been found " planted " in the cabman's stables. to use the words of the sub- inspector:   " cabby was evidently in it."   "but he is not the only one, mr. wain- right," remarked one of the smartest men in the detective force to me outside the morgue just before the inquest commenced ; " there's a mate in this as well. i know collins, he's a bad lot, no doubt, but i don't fancy he's up to this. there's an habitual criminal of the violent lot been mixed up in this game, and collins' share in the swag has been the watch. but what the lady wanted in a cab that time of night puzzles me, and no mis- take."   " and the wound?" i said.   " oh, there's nothing in that, sir," replied the detective; " some of the fur from the tippet had got into it while the poor thing was struggling, and as for the bite marks on the chin, if they are bite marks, the rats might have got at her before ronaldson came up. there are enough there to have eaten her before morning if she hadn't been found."   by this time the jury had viewed the body, and i was called in aa a witness to find the members of that tribune looking excessively pale and uncomfortable, but gradually re covering themselves as the enquiry proceeded, and the mystery was gradually unfolded, so far as the authorities could solve it.   first as to the finding of the body.   yes, constable ronaldson had found it so on this oeoasion. had not received infor mation, had found it a few seconds before the sub-inspeotor came up with mr, wain right. had afterwards boarded, under orders, the steamer lying at the wharf, and found all on board turned in except the harbor watoh, said ha- ^ntoh had heard nothing, at least t*"- - >. no.   i sul-iflbpeotor gaulfield had seen the body as found by the constable, and had made a partial examination la company with mr,   wainright, the throat had evidently been oat with a razor or sharp knife. no razor or kni/e had been found any where near the body or on the premises of the oabman now in oustody before the coroner. enquiries as to what cabmen were out that night had led to a busploion against collins. had assisted in the bearoh of collins' premises, and been present at the finding of the watoh. there was no ohain attached to it when found. had never seen it before, but had been in* formed since the murder that it was recog nised as the property of the debased. knew the deceased by sight. had seen her fre quently at the theatre, and onoe at govern ment house. did not recognise her at first. knew collins by repute as a man of bad oharaoter. had reported him onoe to the hackney carriage committee when the man bad been warned that for the next offenae he would lose his ueenoe, knew nothing positive against him exoept general rowdiness. complimented by the coroner on the rapidity with whiah the police had ob tained a clue. mr, sub-inspeetor looking, aa it he was not accustomed to it, bowed and   retired.   mr. wainright, the reader's very humble servant, aequieboed in the coroner's affable re mark that he was a journalist, and that it was not an extraordinary thing for him to be in town late at night. had been present with tho bub- inspector when the body was found. had been with that officer for nearly an hour pre viously. hid assisted at the partial exami nation of the deaeaaed's body as it lay. did not recognise it at the time. was not habi tually a nervous man, but was much shocked and unstrung on this ocoaaion, remembered the deceased perfectly now. had seen her several times in sooiaty, but knew nothing of her private affairs, and certainly no reason why she should have been at suoh a plaoe as the queen's wharf aftor dark. had been muoh struck by the appearance of the wound in the deaeaaed's throat, and thought that   politely snubbed by the ooroner with a re mark that medical testimony was forthcom ing, and that thoughts were not evidence, mr, wainright bowed and retired to the baok of the room, but on an unusually enterprising juror expressing a desire to know what he thought, was graoioualy permitted to say that his at tention had been especially attracted to the btrange appearance of the wound in the de oeaaed's throat on aocount of the fur adhering to the edges, and the bite on the ohm. it had been suggested to him that it might have been a rat bite, but he did not think so. the wound appeared to him to be an inoiaed one, increased by after tearing with human fingers,   complimented half sneeringly by the ooro ner on his aeute perceptions, mr. wainright bows again, and to the best ofhiareoolleotion, retires over the road for a sustainer, returning in time to find that the oabman, colling, hav ing declined to follow his solicitor's advice and reserve hia defenoe, is making a statement.   this proceeding, however, was altogether too muoh for the coroner. the unusually enterprising juror was snubbed for again making a suggestion; cabby was told to wait till his turn oame, and mr, faulooner, ol harrowgta, st. kilda, was called forward. i knew the man by eight well, and was on what may be called slight speaking terras with him. i had, moreover, been at one or two ol mrs. fauloonor'a evening socials, for she was as well-known in fashionable oiroles as her husband was in town, and at olubs and race   courses. tall, straight and soldierly, with a quiet, well-bred air prevading hia whole appearance and manner, he had been, though nearly forty years of age, for some time, one of the most popular men in soaiety, seleot and general, ah a young man, he had seen servioe in the eaat, but just before his mar riage he sold out, and having invested his capital in squatting, had been so lucky in everything he touohed that at the time of this tale he was a rich man. he belonged to an old northampton family, and a slight hau teur in manner was perhaps the only dis agreeable thing about him, while hia wife, a wealthy orphan when he married her, was unusually pretty and fasoinatiug.   the last ocoaaion on which i had seen him he was descending the stairs of the opera house with his wife and the poor girl who had since been murdered, and, as i thought of it, i was not surprised to notice that his face was pale, even through the soldierly bronze of bis complexion, and that his lips were tightly set under hia moustache,   yea, he knew mias darley well. she was a schoolfellow of his wife, and they were very intimate. her mother was dead, and her father was in england. he had seen the body and reoognised it, last saw miss darley at breakfast on the morning before her body was found. had dined at his club that night, and afterwards gone to the opera with an old brother officer, liaturned to the olub and played whist, and, as it wa« ihen late, stopped there. was communica.jd with by the sub-inspeetpr the next morning. that officer had gone first to st, kilda, but finding   him out, had returned to town, not wishing ° to alarm mrs, faulconer. he was much obliged to him for it. had been told by his wife -r-. objection immediately, and rather bumptiously raised by the oabman's solicitor and allowed by the coroner, mr. lfoulconer quietly added that he knew nothing more personally, bowed to the ooroner, and stepped   back.   " have you any idea," asked the unusually enterprising juror-" whether the yoiing lady had anything on her mind, any trouble? young ladies have sometimes, you know." and here the questioner, who evidently meant well, looked confused, while the eye of the coroner positively glared at him.   " i must request, sir, that you will not in terrupt the business of this court. there is medical evidence to call, and such a question   can then--.   .. i beg your pardon," said mr, ltaulooner, coolly interrupting the angry olfioial. " i pre fer answering this gentleman's evidently kindly meant question myself. no, sir, i know of nothing that eould trouble a young gentle woman in miss darley's position. she has been a frequent visitor in our house, and baa been on sisterly terms with my wife. had she been in any trouble she would have ap pealed to ."   " really," broke in the coroner, " this is most irregular. how do you know, bir, what the deoeased would have done. i think it presumption on your part."   .*i never presume," baid mr. faulooner, still with unruffled composure, and witb bis bright groy eyes steadily fixed on the coroner's faoe. " however, my wife is here, and ean be asked."   " it is," he oontinued, courteously bowing to the ooroner, whom he evidently regarded as a bear in want of patting," my earnest desire to absibt justice in this painful matter, and though my wife is terribly shocked, i have brought her into town, and can produce her   when oalled for."   smoothing bis ruflled feathers the coroner expressed bis desire to hear the evidence at onoe, and after speaking a word or two to a friend near him, mr. faulooner left tbe room and in a few minutes returned with hia wife on his arm.   though not a fragile woman, ehe looked small and ohildish by the side of her stalwart huaband, and i noticed that she clung almost convulsively to bis arm. that hor dark eyea should be full of btartled fear, that her cheeks should be blanohed white, and that   her little white hand, when ungloved, should » soarcely be able to hold the bible, were not matters to be surprised at.   " it's a pity," whispered the good-natured sub-inspector to me,11 that mr. faulooner was not at home last night. we oould have done without this poor thing's evidence then."   certainly they oould, all poor little mrs. faulqoneroould bay waa that they parted for tbe night at about eleven o'clook, and she bad heard mias darley look .her door. she bad   not seen her since. knew o! no trouble that   could have happened to her. was sore poor helen would have told her, no letters to her knowledge had arrived foe miss barley for the last two or three days. she might have been able to have left' the house after oleven. but some of the servants were still up, and would have heard her. the deceased was of a happy and cheerful disposition." here the poor little lady broke down completely, and as she knew nothing more, was allowed to leave, to tha unmistakable relief of her hus< band and bis friend.   men of their "sohool" have a horror of eoenes and sympathy that amounts almost to affeotation on soma occasions, but as these two, so different in manner and appearance from the general11 ordinary" look of the sur roundinga, left the room, and i saw them after oarefully plaoing mrs, faulooner in her ear. riage, return with the same undisturbed com* posure and unmoved faces, i oould under* stand what a restraint the refined looking haughty husband must have kept over him himself during the painful ordeal of his wife's painful evidenced she oould at least show her borrow; he oould not, oantain reynolds queens bays, on a visit to viotoria, an old brother officer of mr, faulooner, corroborated his statement as to hia whereabouts on the night of the murder. hid known miss darley for a month. had seen the body in the morgue, and identified it. deceased had been greatly admired in society, and-here the dragoon spoke with something like emjphasis, universally respeoted. had oer< tainly never beard any scandal about her. as a friend of the faulconers, would have soon stopped it if he had.   the housekeeper at harrowgata stated that on the evening of the tragedy there was a party in the servant's hall, and it wab past midnight before they separated. mrs. faul doner had said they need not break up sooner, her mistress and miss darley were sitting in the drawing-room till neatly eleven. mias darley'b two rooms were in the same corridor as mrs. faulooner'a. mr. faulconer'a dressing room and study were on tha opposite bide of the oorridor. saw nothing of her mistress or miss darley after eleven o'clock.   miss darley's maid said much the same, adding that ehe had knocked at the young lady's door about eleven »nd been told she wanted nothing. the house was perfeotly quiet shortly after midnight, mr, beeoher, mr. faulooner'a own man, generally sat up   for him. couldn't remember whether he had done so that night or not.   thomas beeoher, had been mr. faulconer'a wvant in the army and ever since he left it. his orders were to sit up till ten unless under speoial instructions. occasionally, especially in bad weather, hia master slept at the elub, his (witnesa's) room was in a aide passage off the hall door. not being well, did not go into the servant's hall on the night of the party, but eat reading in hia room. passed his mistress and mias darley on the staircase at about a quarter to eleven. my mistress said that ahe knew the master was going to dine with captain reynolds that night, and might not come home. there was a patent latoh for tho hall door. his master had a key.   " are vou sure he hasn't two ?" asked   (bat it is not for him to show bow this unfortunate young lady managed to get out of mr faulooner'a house at suoh an unusual hour. he insists upon making a statement, however, and if you, sir, elect to hear it there !b an end of the matter. what he has partly told me only confirms me in the belief tbat he is no more guilty in this ease than i am."   as the lawyer concluded this rather strange assertion, for a profesional man, coroner, jury, police, and witnesses, looked equally puzzled but what was really ouriosity gained the day, and the cabman was allowed to prooeea.   he admitted at onoe that his habits were irrogular, his character indifferent, and that the information that he was suspected of stetling a watch had not surprised him. " but, sir," he went on-and the man's dissi* pated, reokless, but not uncomely features wore an expression of earnestness as ho said it-" god knows i'm no murderer."   .! that watch was found by me in my oab last night, left, i suppose, by a lady i pioked upon the st. kilda road. you may'nt believe me, sir, but wait a minute, any one on the st. kilda station rank last night will tell you that i pulled up there about half-past eleven, for they wanted to know what business i had duck-shoving, perhaps it was some of thera as put the sub-inspeofcor on to me. anyhow, they guyed at ma and i drove off, just before i got to the junotion i was hailed by a woman dressed in black, who was walking very fast. she said she had lost the last train, and could i drive her to anywhere near tho hobeon's bay bailway station. i could see she was nervous, as i said "job," for a sovereign. she said it was all right, and opening her purse, gave me one. she then got into the oab, and i drove her into town. it was nearly twelve when we got to the station, and with out saying another word she jumped out quickly, and almost ran towards eliaabeth street, after getting suoh a haul i had a drink or two, and on looking into my oab found the watch lying on the rug at the bot torn. you may braile, mr, caullield, but i expect the lady's chain caught in it as she jumped out. now, sir, i have seen that poor dead woman this morning, i can't swear to her of course, though the dress is like that of the one i drove, all i can say is tbat the lady, when she did speak, spoke with a gueer bitalian accent like an opera singer, and if that there watoh is her watoh she's the woman i drove. but as god's my judge, i never harmed her, though i meant to stiok to the watoh."   that was all gollina said, but it was enough to startle everyone. for myself, i looked at mr. faulconer, and for the first time that morning he took out his bandker 'chief and drew it slightly aorobs his lips, while he fixed his eyes steadily on the cab man's face, then he said something in a low tone to captain reynolds, in reply to whioh that gentleman nodded, and also fixed his eyes in the same direction and muttered in a tone loud enough for those near him to to hear that he " believed the beggar was speaking the truth."   but the lawyer saw the point to be gained, and asked the aub-inspeotor to hand the watch produced to mr, faulconer.   he did so, and just for one second, as the latter took >"t a sort of shudderink paleness   tue cabman's solicitor, suaaeniy looiung uf from a whispering conversation with his   olient.   beeoher wasn't bure, but ha didn't think so, for the housekeeper was nervous, and had aeked his master to have only one pass key   for himself.   " i oan answer the gentleman," said mr, faulconer, quietly. "i bad a duplicate a month or so baok, but lost it, and, at the re quest of the housekeeper, 1 did not get another. i may add, sit, that if the. patent oatoh is on, ana the housekeeper puts it on herself, no one without my key could leave or enter the house unheard.''   the jury looked from ono to the other, ab if completely bewildered, and the mystery as to how a young lady ooul4 be left inner room at st, kilda at eleven a,®,, and found mur dered on the queen's wwj seemed greater   than ever.   the housekeeper, re-calhd, was positive she put on the patent oatoh a little after 12.3d, when the servant's party broke up. whether miss dariey knew how to work the oatoh or not she wouldn't say, but it was not likely. the poor young lady had certainly never left   the house alone afterdark before.   the case was evidently oa deep a mystery to this highly respectable housekeeper aa ft waa to anyone else. for the rest, the bub< inspector again whispered to me thai " oabby waa in it." on the faoe of my acquaintance the smart detective atill sat the belief that " a   eal of the habitual criminal glass is at the   ottom of it," and the cabman waa still   whispering to his solicitor.   the medioal evidenoe by two practitioners was of the usual order, but sb the unusually intelligent insisted upon reminding the ooroner of my remark about the appearanae of the wound, the doctors were specially asked about it. it was a strange looking wound they admitted. violence of some sort bad apparently been used even after it had been inflicted. there wore marks of bites and eoratchea on the chin and ohoeks, but both *ne(iical men agreed that they might have been caused by rats. on another point they were also agreed. no outrage had been eom> mitted on the murdered girl-suicide was out of the question-and there was nothing, they both emphatically stated, in the appearance of the body, to justify the belief delicately hinted at by one of the jurors that any " trouble" as. it is called, had ocourred to   her.   even the impasaive mr faulooner and bis friend showed evident signs of relief from tension, when this statement was made. that element of misery and shame was at any sate wanting in the soandal that had oome upon the householde.   " that is all the evidenoe i have to offer," said the sub.inspector on behalf of the police. "this watoh-producing it,"'was found in gollins stable and if necessary, i oan prove that he returned home about 1 a.m. on the night of the murder."   "at this juncture the cabman again whispered to his lawyer and that gentleman, though obviously against his inclination, said to the coroner. " my olient, sir, want's to make a statement. i've told him there is no need for it, that the only evidenoe to connect him with the oase is the finding of a watoh not yet sworn to, whatever my good friend mr oaulfield mav have heard about it, and   orept over bis face, that wtis nil.   " do you recognise that watch mr, j"aul« coner?" asked the lawyer,   " la is very like one ol miss darley's," was   the answer.   " the other one she has, totally different, was found in her travelling jewel ease this morning." if you will allow me one moment i will examine it more closely."   he pressed the oatoh as he spoke-it was a lady's bijou hunting watoh-and looked olosely at the inside. it might have been my fanoy, but the other hand that hung by his* side   seemed strangely olenohed, then oame the , answer, steady and decided and beard dis tinctly through the whole room.   " that is not miss darley's watoh." '   there was a dead silence, and the bqhchob   asked again,   *' are you sure? " | i am positively certain,"   "and why?" 1   just again the same shuddering paleness and then again the dear answer.   " miss darley's' watoh, the one misaing, wab given to her by me on the last birthday. her initials h.d were engraved inside. inside this one there are none. it is not miss darley's   watoh."   " did miss darley speak with an italian   aeoent?"   " certainly not. she was only on the conti« nent for a.few months all her life?"   " have you ever seen the watoh you hold in your hand before."   .. no," was the steady answer.   ii and, excuse, me mr faulooner, have you any grounds for thinking that there were reasons for miss darley leaving your house alone at suoli an hour as eleven o'clock at night 7"   " i can only say," and as the answer was made, i oould understand why some people aooused mr faulooner. of hauteur. u i can only say that the youug lady was under my roof and protection and most gentlemen know what that means.'   " i have nothing more to say except to ask for &e; discharge of my client," said tho lawyer coolly, you may charge him with the theft of awatonifyou like, or illegal detention or breaoh of regulations. but mr faulconer swears that the watoh found in his stable is not misa darley'd and i contend that the case against him in that direction falls to the ground.   the contention was held good, collins was flisoharged and left the court minus the watoh and plus the certainty that be would get no mote license and ba under police surveillance into the bargain. a verdiot was returned of wilful rounder against some person or persons unknown. permision was given for the interment of the poor girl's body and the affair   was over.   ' but as the aub-inspeotor, the detective and'   i were standing on the pavement we heard a voice say calmly,,   " thank you, jack,, i did feel queer."   the speaker was mr faulconer and he had just finished a drinlt out of a travelling flaek that captain reynolds bad handed biai,   his phaeton was drawn up closo to the pavement but before he put his foot on the step bis eye caught mine and stopping short   he said quietly.   " a painful ease, mr wainrjgbt, though as a journalist you must have come aoroes many.'!   i muttered a few words of sympathy for   his wife,   " tea," he said." hard on her, poor little woman, an old sohoolfellow too,"   " i suppose the owner of that watoh oould tell aome thing" i said.   " perhaps, and, mr wainright, if i eould find and punibh those who murdered that poor girl i should never rest easy till i did ao, good-bye, jump in jack" and with these words mr faulooner got into his phaeton and drove away.   the case waa a wonder for.raontha, poor little mrs faulooner was very 'ill and had ta go to england for a change but nothing .else was discovered and all that waa left to remind the world of helen darley waa her tombstone at the st, kilda oemetry though i and my friends often ashed eaoh other who had killed her and why.       chapter ii the riddle solved.   chapter ii.   the riddle solved.   " who if that man ?" asked my friend the doctor of one of the p. and 0. boats, about three years afterwards, as we sat in the dress circle of the theatre royal." the one, i mean, who has just come into the club box.   tall, distinguished looking man."   " that," i replied, putting my binoculars up, " that—" and i hesitated for a moment —that is mr. faulconer." " now, my hesi- tation was caused by no doubt of identity, that was unmistakable, but simply by the fact that, although i had heard of faul- coner's return from england, where he had left his wife, i had never seen him. he was said to have gone up country to one of the stations he still held, and i had certainly never seen him in town. there he was, how- ever, as quiet looking as ever, accompanied by captain reynolds, both as calm and uncon- cerned, apparently, as if there had been no shadow of a tragedy on either of their lives."   " faulconer," said the doctor, " i remember the name, and am still more sure i remem- ber the man."   " well, you ought to. mrs. faulconer was not easily to be forgotten, and they went home with you some three years ago."   by jove. i remember now. there had been some sensational tragedy here, and the poor little woman was very ill. but they didn't go home with us, my boy.   "what ?" i replied, so suddenly, that my   friend started.   " no, they did not," my excitable friend, emphatically and decidedly not, mrs. faulconer was very ill; hysterical and all that. couldn't bear her husband out of her sight for a moment. no man would be more attentive, either. he never left their cabin until we got to adelaide, and then he took her ashore for an hour or two's rest, taking his servant, a sedate old soldier, with him. they went, but they never came back. missed the steamer. nothing extraordinary. it has happened before now. hush! the curtain."   that my feelings were those of intense bewilderment during the rest of the perform- ance can easily be understood.   we saw the performance, of course, and equally of course we went out in the interval and smoked, &c.; for a reason, moreover, that i could not explain, i asked my friend no more questions during the evening, but still the same refrain rang in ray ears all the evening—" why did they land at adelaide, and where had they gone to ?" the words seemed mixed up with our oyster supper at the club, and accompanied me to my own lodgings, where, when left alone, i began to think over the whole wretched business again.   i remembered that no discovery had been made. i remembered that i had on several occasions mildly chaffed my friend, the de- tective on his " habitual criminal" theory, i remembered again that mr. faulconer had returned alone, and that his wife was said to have been left in germany, and i remem- bered also having been told by my old friend, the sub-inspector, that on being told that the cabman collins had lost his license over the watch affair, mr. faulconer, who considered the man's offence a comparatively slight one, had procured him a situation up country, said sub-inspector had not thought much of this, as if " cabby" had not been arrested so soon, he might have repented of his evil in- tention and brought the watch to the town hall. the watch had been advertised daily, and no one had claimed it. possibly the owner didn't care about coming forward. nevertheless the police still kept their " eye" upon collins, and held the watch in careful keeping.   i remembered also having heard that the father of the murdered girl had died suddenly before the news of her death had reached him, and that, consequently the government reward of £200 for any information that could lead to the discovery of the guilty per- son or persons had not been supplemented by an offer on his part. true, mr. faulconer added another £200, and there had been occa- sional rumors of the police having found a clue, but nothing had come of them, and even i had become accustomed to regard the affair as one of those mysteries which the ordinary intelligence of the police had been   unable to deal with.   now, however, the sight of mr. faulconer had re-called the whole circumstances to my mind with extraordinary vividness, and i seemed again to be bending over the mur- dered woman and wondering at the strange nature of the wound,   then, too, tho doctor's story. there was nothing wonderful in the fact that faulconer and his wife had missed the steamer, and that she should have been suffering from strong mental excitement. it was only   natural.   but the reason why he should have returned alone, giving it to be understood that she remained in england, was not so easy to find. had she gone to england at all, and if not, where had she been all the time her hus- band was up country ? was it certain that he had been up the country. and yet a man like him could not be in melbourne without being remarked, nor was mrs. faulconer the sort of woman who could remain long un- noticed anywhere.   all sorts of vague suspicions arose in my mind. i began to consider the advisability of mentioning what the doctor had told me to the authorities, but dismissed the idea almost as soon as formed. the faulconers had already suffered severely in the matter, and there was every probability that they might have gone on to england in another vessel,   so i made up my mind to do nothing more until i had made a few quiet inquiries and went to bed.   even during the next few days i could come to no determination, and though mr. faulconer once stopped me in the street and spoke to me with his usual composed indif- ference, and in answer to my enquiries after his wife, told me that she was travelling with some friends in germany, i could not make up my mind to allude to what i had heard   from the doctor.   on the fourth day, however, i was sitting alone in my room. i was told that someone wanted to see me, and, slightly to my sur- prise, my acquaintance the detective was shown in. his name is of no importance, and he is not now in the country, let us call him binks for the nonce. an ordinary looking man binks, not at all like the con- ventional detective, middle height, compactly built, and very neatly dressed, with nothing remarkable but a habit of holding his head a little on one side, when he wanted to em- phasize a remark or thought he had made a point. on this occasion he might have had   a stiff neck, to judge from his appearance, and he commenced without any preamble.   " sorry to trouble you mr. wainright, but i've come to have a chat with you about that queen's wharf affair." .   with me!" i replied shortly, feeling sur- prised and looking it. .   " yes, sir, with you ? "   " why, have you made any discovery ? "   yes, sir, and i've made a journey, too."   i noticed now that he was much sunburnt, and had the general look of a man just re- turned from a long voyage,   " yes,' he continued, i have been to paris. i came back yesterday, and as you are in- terested i have come first to you,"   why, surely mr, binks you don't suspect me." " indeed, i don't," he answered with a jovial smile, " but you gave me a clue, and before i report i want to tell you how i fol- lowed it, and then perhaps to ask your advice.   it's a sad business, mr. wainright, and i   don't half like acting on what i do know, in spite of the reward."   just for one moment a vague idea of his meaning dawned, upon me, but i merely an- swered " go on."   " i suppose," he continued with his head more on one side than ever, " you know that mr. faulconer has come back."   i nodded.   " but his wife is not with him."   " no she is in germany. he told me yes- terday."   "then you've seen him. how does he look."   " as quiet and unconcerned as ever."   " and mrs, faulconer in germany. would it surprise to you hear that she didn't go home by the steamer, in whose passenger list ? "   " it did surprise me when i heard it the other day,"   " then you have heard it,"   '' yes, the doctor of the steamer told me so, and i have been puzzling my brains ever since. but the doctor also said that they went ashore because she was ill at ade- laide, and missed the boat, and they might easily have gone by another one."   " yes, sir, easy enough, but they didn't.   i've searched the list of every steamer since. . mrs. faulconer never left australia at all."   i sat in mute astonishment. " why, where is she then."   " ah, sir, there's the point. now listen to me. can you spare the time."   " i will spare it. go on."   "i suppose you and other folks have thought we were very easy over this matter, but bless you, there are cases in which easiness is the best game. i am pretty sure now who to lay my hand on, and yet i don't half like to do it. but before i begin let me ask you whether mr. faulconer has only recently re- turned to melbourne ?"   "i only saw him the other day."   " and that other quiet looking swell with the long moustache—captain reynolds? "   "why, what on earth has be to do with   it?"   " never mind, sir, you'll see. has he been   in town."   " i have seen him constantly."   " well, sir, now i'll go on. you may re- member that once or twice after the murder you was a bit given to chaff me about what you called my " habitual criminal theory" i pretended to be huffed once or twice but, lor bless you ! i took the hint, supposing it was'nt an habitual criminal. like most men in my line, i read a trifle and when you called attention in court, to the wound and the marks of bites i said again to myself, supposing it war'nt rats. then i remembered the story of the rue morgue murder by the ourang outang. but there is only one chimpanzee at our zoo and he is far too gentlemanly an acro- bat for this sort of thing, besides he had never been loose. and then i began to think that there are such things as lovers, and jealous lovers, in connection with young ladies, and that the murder might have been committed in the way it has to put us off the scent. and then i thought suddenly of the two gentlemen miss darley was most intimate with, her host mr faulconer and captain reynolds."   " good god ! you don't mean to say you suspected them."   "no sir, emphatically i did'nt. they're not the sort. but i was'nt at all sure that they hadn't some idea of how it happened, at least after the inquest."   " what in heaven do you mean ?"   " carry your memory back to the inquest. i kept my eye on mr. faulconer all the time he was giving his evidence and his face never changed until the watch was put into his hand. it changed then and it was only after a steady look at the cabman that he said. " this is not miss darley's watch—"   " i do remember, what of that."   " well sir,i told you just now i don't suspect   mr faulconer of murdering this poor girl. but i tell you"—and here his head almost touched his shoulders—" that when he saw that watch, he knew that collins had not driven miss darley that night, and that being a gentleman for he is that, he spoke the truth. i heard him tell you afterwards that if he could punish the murderers he would,"   i nodded. he had done so.   "well, the thought struck me as i thought over your chaff about the " habitual criminal" that the owner of that watch could tell some- thing about the crime and that mr faulconer knew who it was."   "why not take action then."   " not enough to go on, sir. i could always lay my hands on mr, faulconer, but i relied chiefly on the watch, and though i did not think mr, faulconer guilty, i knew that mili- tary gents have often had queer adventures in their youth. you remember what the cab- man said about the woman who drove him having a foreign accent. it struck me that mr. faulconer might have had something to do once upon a time with such a woman, and that if she were here and took it into her head, that there was anything between him and miss darley, though lord love you!—i never heard of it, she might easily have done the thing herself or got someone else, collins, perhaps, though i don't think so, so i've kept my eye on him, and with what result i'll tell you directly. but the main thing was the watch, and i thought more of it because the day after the inquest captain reynolds called at the office and asked if he might see it. i showed it to him, and i noticed that he opened it, looked closely at the inside, and then said as quietly as that sort of gent always does, " certainly not miss darley's," when he had gone i examined it more closely than before. it was a very handsome one, parisian make, jewelled, &c.;, and on the inside was the inscription " amalia from ricardo;" perhaps you've heard the   names ?   " yes, characters in the opera, un ballo   en maschera,"   "just so. some opera singer i thought, and i made more enquiries. but no one in melbourne had ever sold such a watch, nor could i trace it in anyway. but my back was up now, and after some trouble i got the chief to let me go to paris. i went, and was put into communication with the boss, the prefect they call him. he was a stout, comfortable-looking man, but they do know their work there. i was told to go away and come back in a week. i did, and was brought face to face with the jeweller, who had sold the watch eight years before to an english officer, who had a lady with him. the officer's name was in his books, f. faulconer, —th lancers, but he had no distinct remembrance of the lady except that she had handsome dark eyes. the inscrip- tion was put on at the lady's request. he heard her speak, but he could not remember in what language. from the lady's manner he thought they were newly married or lovers. the officer was english, haughty and re-   served, but spoke french well. i knew now that mr, faulconer had purchased the watch,   but i had still no clue to the owner—and though i remained a month in paris, that was all the information i could obtain.   on my return i next turned my attention to try and discover the missing watch taken from miss darley, but then again i failed. it had not been pawned or sold, and why it should have been taken i could soarcely make out, except for that purpose. adver- tising brought no answer, nor did i parti- cularly care about it in a case like this. my idea was to let the matter rest for a little, not in the hope that the owner of the watch would voluntarily come forward, but that some other clue might be obtained. besides, i had always mr. faulconer to go back upon.   strangely enough, that clue came upon me in the most unexpected manner, and without my looking for it. it may seem strange, but it did, and i confess it. i am in the habit now and then, when i want to smoke a meditative pipe, of strolling along that por- tion of the wharves where the small coasting craft lie. they are queer old-fashioned look- ing things, most of them, and have an inte- rest for me, i can't get up, except profes- sionally, on a large steamer. well, sir, one saturday afternoon about three months ago, i was strolling about this place, which is about forty yards below where miss darley's body was found, and went behind the half- rotten fence of an old store-yard to light my pipe. my match-box, a gift from an old pal, accidentally fell from my hand, and rolled into a little hole alongside one of the posts. i stooped to pick it out, and in so doing pulled out also something hard wrapped up in a piece of paper. mechanically i held it in my hand for a second before opening it, but when i did so, sir, quiet as i sit here, my heart literally jumped, the paper was stained with dark patches here and there, and inside were a pair of woman's gloves trimmed with fur, and a watch—the watch described at the inquest by mr. faulconer as having been given by him to miss darley. no need to enquire about that. and then your words about the nature of the wound came back to me. no habitual criminal had inflicted it. no man would have been so foolish as to fling the watch away, and the gloves from which the fur had been torn in places were also stiff with what i could easily guess was dried blood. i was fairly on the track now, and on examining the paper my suspicions were more than confirmed, for after some trouble i deciphered the following words, written in what appeared to be a gentleman's hand.   " if you really mean what your eyes have often said, come to the queen's wharf to- night at half-past eleven. you can easily get out if you try, and if you have the courage to-morrow we can be far away together. i am not strong enough to carry out my former   resolution."   the riddle was now easy to read ; miss darley went to the wharf that night to meet the person who wrote that letter, and was murdered by the same hand.   " in heaven's name whose," i said, " surely   not mr. faulconer !"   " lord, no sir," said binks with his head sllghtly turning to the appropriate side i did'nt think then that mr faulconer had any idea of it and i know now that he had'nt, but i was almost sure then that she thought he was going to meet her, and that the letter was written by the woman with the foreign accent to whom he had given the watch and who no doubt was some one he had known before his marriage, and some one especially he would'nt care for his wife to hear about.   so i started on the track again and as i could'nt watch mr faulconer who was up country i watched captain reynolds who was living in a secluded house at brighton with an invalid sister, with only an old woman and mr faulconer's man as attendants. i made enquiries and found out that mr faul coner sometimes came there, that the captain's sister had very delicate health, and seldom went out, except sometimes on a warm evening, that either the old woman or beecher was always with her and that as you might expect she was supposed to be a trifle queer. no doubt mr wainright you may think it odd that i mixed captain reynolds up with this matter, but you must remember that he and mr. faulconer had been chums, and i knew what these army gents will do for one another in a trouble, so i watched and watched for nights, and though i saw the lady twice she was so wrapped up that i noticed nothing but a profusion of golden hair. at last one night i managed to climb the garden fence and hide behind a tree just as she came out with the old woman. she was in high spirits, laughing and talking in a pretty mincing foreign accent, but still there was something familiar to me in her air and figure. by-and-bye she went in again, and began to sing, accompanying herself at the piano. it was amalia's first song in un ballo. i had no doubt now that i had found the owner of the watch with the inscription,but still i waited till, in about ten minutes, she came forward, and i saw her standing full in the bright light of the open window. mr. wain- right, i am a cool, and i hope a brave man, but that sight frightened me,   "what was that?"   "wait, sir, till you hear more. the next morning i went to the chief and again ob- tained leave to visit paris, and there looked   for the jeweller i had seen before, i placed in his hands a photograph i had purchased in melbourne. he recognised it at once as the picture of the lady who had been with mr faulconer when he had bought the watch.'   "there, sir," continued the detective gravely, "is the picture i speak of, and i ask you now, as a gentleman and a man of feeling, what is the best way of working out this wretched business."'   i took one look at the picture, and then sat   mute and horror-stricken.   it was the likeness of mrs. faulconer."       chapter iii what came of it.   chapter iii.   what came of it.   in iess than an hour binks and i were on the road to brighton. he agreed with me that the kindest thing to do was to see mr. faulconer or captain reynolds at once, and then take farther action. the whole oonduct of the former proved that he had no wish to escape, and even the professional mind of my companion was at ease on this point.   on reaching the cottage the door was opened by beecher, to whom i gave my card, with a line in pencil asking for an interview on the most important business.   we were shown into a small dining-room directly, and there, standing on the hearth- rug, were mr. faulconer and captain rey- nolds, cool and calm as ever.   " good morning, mr. wainright," said the former, " to what do i owe the pleasure of   this visit?"   " i apologise for the intrusion," mr. faulconer, i replied gently, for i was full of sympathy for the apparently impas- sive man before me, "but i have some pain- ful business to tell you alone, or rather mr. binks has," and i pointed to my companion, who was standing with his hat in his hand, looking for the first time to my knowledge very embarrassed.   " my friend captain reynolds is in my con- fidence, and anything mr. binks, whom i re- member perfectly, has to say can be said in his presence. sit down gentlemen." still the same calm impassive manner and the keen eyes steadily fixed on us.   we sat down, and in a straightforward but sympathetic manner the detective repeated what he had said to me, adding only that after first recognising mrs. faulconor he had suspicions confirmed by hearing that she was an excellent mimic of the french and italian accent.   " poor girl," muttered captain reynolds, but the husband still sat silently looking at us till the story was finished, and then in a low quiet tone he said—   "your story is true, mr. binks. miss   darley was killed as you described"— his voice faltering for a moment—" by mr. faulconer. you have your duty to   do as i have had to do mine. as to the re-   lations between—between miss darley and myself, i am sure that you, mr. wainright, as a gentleman and man of honor, will accept the only admission i can make, namely, that there had been some reason why she should have yielded to the request made in that forged letter for an interview, and you will understand the meaning of the word 'resolu- tion' which my unfortunate wife—whose pas- sionatly jealous nature i had aleady received many proofs, had gleaned from a conversa- tion she partially overheard between us," i bowed in answer to his inquiring glance and he continued:   "it was easy for miss darley to leave the house quietly, trusting to me i suppose for her return and it was still easier for my wife— as she afterwards confessed, to use the dupli- cate key which had been lost and picked up by her. when her watch was handed to me in court i knew too well the truth and when i reached home it was easy in her frenzied oondition to induce her to tell me the truth. she did so and listened to my decision in silence. she was to write and sign a con- fession in the presence of my oldest and truest friend who now sits beside me and who from first to last of this unhappy business he laid his hand on the others coat sleeve for a moment and his voice faltered but he went on as quietly as ever.   "this done she was to accompany me to england but i told her that it there ever appeared any chance of an innocent person being condemned for the offence that con- fession would be handed in. otherwise my name should not be disgraced. as you know she was taken ill at adelaide, and when reynolds for whom i telegraphed arrived she was a hopeless lunatic. here we have watched, and tended her, i trust as men of humanity and feeling though for the sake of easier seclusion she passed as my friends sister. but the medical men who attended her knew her to be my wife and under that name they have signed the certificate of her death. yes, mr binks, she died this morning calmly and peacefully and so far as she is con- cerned your duty is over,"   he rose as i spoke and opening the door of an adjoining room beckoned to us to follow   him.   he was right. on a bed in the centre of the elegantly furnished room in which she had lived almost constantly, lay the second of the unhappy victims of the tragedy of the   wharf,   " you recognise her, gentlemen," asked the husband—captain reynolds had remained without—looking down on the still beautiful face with folded arms and compressed lips, evidently a suppressed volcano. we merely bowed in reply and on returning to the next room mr faulconer said in his usual cold   tone.   "mr wainright, i thank you for your delicacy in this matter. mr binks you can trust me for not leaving this place till i hear from you or your superiors. good day."   "trust him," said the detective as captain reynolds showed us to the door, " give him my respects, captn' and say i'd trust him anywhere,"   what mr binks reported to his chief i know not but i know that mrs faulconer was buried quietly and that a week afterwards the husband left the colony so i concluded that the authorities have arrived at the con- clusion not to interfere and i have told the story—suppressing real names and some of the evidence in order to show how often the "habitual criminal" theory turns out a   failure,   i did not see mr faulconer before he left but captain reynolds called, as he said, to thank me and when i expressed a hope that mr faulconer had not suffered in health from the recent trial he replied simply,   " he's cut up, of course, poor frank, but he'll soon pull round. we are going to take a tour in south africa."   i heard of them once again for the last time and then it was to say that they had fallen together under a shower of kaffir asseghaies the captain fighting over his friend's body till he fell dead by its side.   what an amount of firm friendship, that few women can understand, there is among these impassive men with whom " gush" is a heresy and morbid sympathy an unclean thing.        24350		by the nepean river   chapter i none   by the nepean river.   by waif wander.   many years ago a clerk was sitting at his desk in one of the small shipping offices in sydney, opposite to the present site of the circular quay and at about   three o'olock in the afternoon the'bright, sunlight that streamed in the open door way was darkened by the entering figure of a man. ...,-.:??? ; the; figure was tall and stalwart, and that of a man about thirty. he. was -well- featured, but not pleaaant-faeod—a dark complexioned face, with keen, dark, yet restless eyes, and an obstinato firm ness of lip, that denoted determination and surliness of temper. he -was attired in dark trowsers and dark woollen shirt only, with strong long boots drawn above the, knees, and a high-crowned, dark felt hat; ho carried a stout whip in. his brown hand, and tho olork sot him down at "onoe as a country wool-grower down with his waggons. '??.." . "there's a ship expootnd in by your folk, ain't there—a [ship called tho ifaue o/zt/v'he.askod. . . " shoe in," replied the young man at the desk; ','there she lies," and ho pointed with the handle of hi* pen toward a brig that had not been long cast anchor in the roadstead. . ? . . ' 'in ? is she ? *sh! and she has brought out some- women, hasn't she? some servants i mean?" .'?'.-."?....' " tee,- she , has eighteen females on' board, i believe." , .... ' "what would be tho best way to engage one ? can i take a boat and go out to the vessel ?" ; .-..-:. ? : " she's -, discharging her passengers now; i'm going down to the wharf in a few.moments; you can como. along, if you like, and you'll have au opportunity, of seeing the women as they, land.'. , ? r .? , in a few moments, as. tho clerk had said, they .wore? on their ' way; to tho wharf, and as they reached it a oouple of boats wero making their way toward tho shore. it was evident that the boats woro ,principally . occupied by females,, who, with deep interest, were watching the shores of that new country, in;which. everything seemed, .so straugo to thoir unacoustomed eyes. -.?'?.'.?. among them was one dark-haired and heavy- browed woman, with firm lips and a sharp and active eye that seemed to take in everything around her and analyso it, as far as her own personal interest was concerned. she was not veryyouug—shemighthavebeou thirty— and she looked liko a woman, who would not lose her way even in so great a continent as australia. as they landed and were met upon the wharf by many whom. curiosity or business had led to see the new arrivals,   tho woman i havo doscribod stood a littlo apart, looking koonly from face to faco of tho strangors. around, and listen ing sharply to what passod between those who sought' to ongago a servant from among hor lato companions. her ap po&ranoe; seemed to attraot the man who had come down with tho shipping-clerk, and ho moved toward hor. " are you looking for a situation, my girl?" ho asked, bending his brows, and looking at her keenly from under the brim of his brond hat. "i suppose so," she answorod, as she returnod his staro with intorost. " havo you one to offer mo ?".?' " i havo. ' : i aiii just down to enguge a woman. , ' . ..".?:?:???:-'?? !'?-.:? :- : . - -!- ?? "i'or what kind of work?" ? : " houeowork, in the conntry." ?'?.." and the wages ?" ' :''.?'"?.??.'???? ' "oh,- wo won't quarrel about the wages, if you mil oomo with, mo i'll givo you the highest wages that's going, for my place is so far out of town that i know it isn't evory girr would care to takoit." . ;- : ?.'??.? :'/ : '-?/. ?:'? ?:??.:.'.? . . "how far away is it p" " qvor forty miles. ? just under the first spur of the blue mountains." the woman. it was -not a ploasaut laugh to hear—-it was harsh. iuid shallow. " i'm as wiao as , i was beforo. what do i know about your bluo moun tains or your green mountains ! ; thoro's oiio thing i'd like to ask you,.my good man. what made you pick mo out of all theso girls to iisk mo ? my looks are not in.my favour i know." ' # ? .:? "perhaps it was becauso thoy aro not that i preferred you. you look liko a woman that has a determined will of her own, and that wouldn't be frightened at a trifle. : that's tho sort of woman i want" ??' ? ? ; , "' '? ?' '-.- .' ' ?' ": ??...'? " well, you're right; that's about my charactor, and if wo agree uhout terms i think 1 , 11 go. them. bluo mountains of yours will have to be very high indeed if they koopmo from ooming back to sydney if i have a mind and eho laugliod again the strange, disagreeable laugh i remarked on before. "but one thing i may as well tell you at onoe, i don't go ouo foot with you or any man until i'm taken to some woll-known person of this city that will vouch for your decency and respectability." ; "that is but fair," ho said, "and i agree to it." ? . : : ? "and now you may give mc a name to oall you by," she said. "my own name is martha wilderness." . "and niino mark blum." " you're not a foreigner ?" " no, but i expect some of my people wore germans. now, martha wilder ness, if you will point out your luggage, i'll got it taken to the pluco i put up at, and where you may as well put up at too. they aro rospoctabla people thoro, and have known mc for years." ??:? apparently all was arranged to the woman 1 ) sstisfaotion, for tho oarliost sunraye of the next morning saw .tho waggon of mark blum on its way to the blue mountains, with martha wilderness sitting uudor the tilt, but near tho front, whore she could sco tho fine team, of horsos and talk to the gloomy- looking owner as he drove. ; : ?: ' they were ? a strange oouplo as ? thoy joggod along, and had anyone have beeu thoro to observe them, it must havo boon commented on. hours and'hours of tho long summer day they, sat thoro in eilenoo, o?oh apparently immersed in 'unpleasant thought, totally irre spective of tho oxistouao of tho other, only arousing oooasionally as sonio stoppage was necessary, or tho wants of the horses had to bo attended to. when tho sun was falling benoath tho horizon, however, and they were but-a little way from the placo blum had told the woman he should camp out for tho night,' a now mood ' soomod l to overtake the immigrant. clapping her h'lhde together, so suddenly that blum turned and. looked at her with a start, she cried, "well, we're nice company ! how far ! have wo oomo, mr. blum.?" "woll, wore about thirty milos from | sydney, and about fifteen from the ! nopoan. my place is not far from emu ford, and if tho moon wasn't so old, i'd givo tho horses a rest and get in by moonlight, but it's not two hours high,' you see," and he pouitod to the pale crescent that was drooping towards the trees. " are yoii tired ?" he asked. " tifod! no, not i—l'm never tirodat night. i'm like the oats, and tho bats, and the rats ; i only to bo alive when the world goes to sleep. my i but this is a fine country i" . ?? blum looked wonderingly at tho speaker, who seemed, in. earnost in hor admiration of ono of tho most depressing . bits of soonory the whole road between parramatta and the nopoan could show. they had reached a low; marshy spot, whore tho coarse vegetation was low, and whore the heavy timber, had receded in the direction of the not now distant nppean river. the sun. had fairly sot by this time, and broad,, dark clouds from the oast woro.creeping up the- sky, darkening and doepenmg the shadows, and rendoring the long, low marsh ovon gloomier looking than had the day- sght fallen upon its surface. the ?woman's eyes woro roaming eagerly over the: desolate landsoape, as if sho thoroughly enjoyed it, and her coni- s anion began to think" he had got ?'- to eal with a very strangp woman. ."'" . ' " if you really like the look of barm j swnmp," he said, "you must" bo :very different from other people." r ? ; "i urn vory different from other; pbople, mr. blum, aiid so aro you. it' was because i saw-that at the first look that i wanted to jcomo up to tho bluo mountains with you." ' ? .?? . ? '' ? _ ? " saw what?" ho askod sharply, turn ing a dork look upon the speaker. ? "saw that you had a.secret in your face, that there was 4 down in your hoart a dark something to hido that you wero afraid would look out of your eyes ! ; oh, i'm a rare ono to read faces,. ? especially whon they're bad ones like yours." . ?? ': bluin stared at her with such anger and consternation that bo forgot his team, and had thoy not been accustomod to the road they might havo-'passod,. the track that lod to.tho river side, whoro, ho was in tho habit of camping, but they took it of thoir own accord, and tho enango drew tho driver's attention to thorn. " you'ro no coward, at all events, nay good woman," ho said, ''and. i must have, a talk to you iv plain language presently.v. . , ??? f '.'no, i'm no coward," sho ; "if i >vas i shouldn't have como with you; and as for plain ' language, that's tho sort i like to deal in sometimes," she added, with a slight hesitation as though rocalling a somothing that she had over looked. . .-j it-was far ploasauter down by tho river. treos grew.on its munnering banks, and groon grasses hid. tho dark ground, and in the growing darkness oven . there a deep gloom lay under tho spreading bronchos of the dark pines that borderod'the nopoan. there wa* no word exchanged between the ungenial companions until the horses had been attended to, and a rough meal   prepared and partaken of, but when that im cleared < away, martha wilderness ?poko. .;. '~-', ? ? < '.?"?"'??'?; :, .' '7-" . "now, master," she b&id;, with' a 8?r -oast io emphasis, > *' wo'rb ready ? for that plain ? lariguago of yours. what's the business'you have trapped mo for lit the bluo mountains ?" . - . , ?? ?. " trapped you for ?" ho '.: i " or thought you trappod mo ? for, wharo all along it wu you that was trapped !" ond again tho strange laugh foil rep?llautly ou the ears of her how employer. '? :. -; " i laid no trap for you," ho rutortod. v i engaged you for housework' in the baok country, and you siguod' an ogreo nieut to do it." ? i ?'?,'?' " yes, but when i signed that agrob niont, i never asked, you what sort of housework it was. do you think any fool couldn't see in your' face that it wasn't for sweeping floors and washing dishes you wanted a stroug-niiudou and üblo-bodiod woman to go to the bluo mountains -with you ? by thu way, what do they oall thoin bluo'for. f are they blue?" - ; it was o sudden change of subject, and excited the suspicions of blum. ho looked at the woman, thinking what a peculiar being she must bo, and felt a strango curiosity to know what was pass ing in her mind. surely it was utterly impossible for a woman just landed from a voyage of many thousands of milos to know anything of hit life, whou not one in the country ho'dwelt in a us pout o reautyp : ? martha was sitting on tho grass, with bor buck loaning against a log, and tho low moon sinking beyond tho glittering waters, throwing its *ad liaht on her pale face. she had taken oft tier bonnet and tossed it on tho ground besido her, whoro it still lay, and her hand with it. blum sat ou a bit of wood at tho dis tanco of a few foot from her, and his shoulder was toward the moon. one side of his faco was in fleop shadow, and. tho brim of his hat fell low over his foro head; but oven: in tho pale moonlight tho pallor of the man's faoo was like a" whito patch against tho dark background, and his oyus shono like cools of lire. 41 as martha usked tho irreloyant ques tion regarding tho name of the mountain' that sho could now see- tho bold outline of rising up against tho horizon, her own keen orbs wore bout upon blum's face, which she watched with a greater sus picion than was exhibited in orou his own half-angry gaze. . \ "?well, , she said, abruptly, "why don't you tell mo why thoy call thorn blun 1 thoy look blaok to mo." what tho — do i carowby or what" they call tbom!" he roturhbd. " do you think i ongagod you to como up to the nopoan to talk of the blue mountains ?" " no, i don't; you brought mo up to do bouio dirty bad work that you don't want to own to yourself even now. what was it? that t s what i .want to : know/'. '?.' ? ?.'.'??? '?:,.;.- "*?'/''.': ; hor attitude was so determined and aggressive, as sho partially raised hor-. self, and, lifting her hand from, tho ground, held it out before him with an air of command, that it, almost unoou sciously to himself, impressed him. ." well, that's just what i want to toll, you. you'ro a sharp woman, you arc, to havo guessed that i was afraid to toll you for fear you wouldn't oomo. but we'll have it out now—it's too lato to go back." " yos," sho replied, " it's far too lato now ; what business havo you for mo? why did you look among all my oom paiiious, and, passing by the fair and jolly girls, piok out tho dark, ill-tempered looking woman for your work." "booauso it's work that wants a strong arm and a stout will—you have both, martha wildoruoss." . " yes, i havo. sco to that," sho said, : pushing tho loose sloeva up from hor wrist, and showing iin arm, white as a woman's, but strong and muscular almost as a man's. " what is it you want mo to do ? is it murder ? i could strauglo you, i think, if i had a mind to ; "and putting tho ends of hor strong flavors and thumbs togother, she gripped them in as though she wore crushing the lifo out of sotno living thing, and. listoaing to its gasps. ; : blum shuddered to tho marrow of his bones. " no, no 1 " ho cried, " how oau you talk like that, woman? it's bad enough as it is. woll, the plain english of it is that my wife is mad, and i want you to look after her." ' ? " mad ! your wifo mad ?" xiko a knifo the torriblo laughtor' of that strango being went through mark blum. her hands fell to hor lap, and letting her hood drop back so that the hoavy braids of hor black hair unloosed and foil upon the log behind her,. sho laughod until tho echoes rang among the branches of tho trues aboyo hor and along the winding bank of tho nopaan river; " woman, there is surely nothing to laugh at in madness 1 " blum cried, half in terror and half in anger. " isn't thoro ? sometimes it seems to mo tho funniest thing in the world.is a mad woman. and so you want wo to watch your wife, who is mad ? " " yes, you aro not afraid of the job i see." " i told you i was no coward ;. what .way is. she- mad ?? - is she droaniy and 'silent? does she wander with the moon, ?or.killwith it ?; or does sho nurse and hide ouo feolinsr down below all others,, a .fueling to whioh years areas days, and which ouly gathers with. time ? does she carry that ono fooling about. with her from youth to uge, and over land and' boas to quench it at last in the blood : of an. onomy ?" , ; ?'.'.. '. ? she .was like a ? pythomoss, whom tho evil spirit had suddenly overpowered, as she roso suddonly "and pourori out burn ing and strange words, to tho night uir of thu nepeau. in tho exaggerated imagination of mark blum, sho soetuod to loom tall and weird, in tho darkening gloom, and her waving arm seemed to hold a strango powor over him, and to .subdue his will, like an inoantution. "does sho wandor about liko'u ghost, and mutter of a lover who deceived her, or of a husband sho has lost? aro her dreams of limitless space, whore souls without bodies, flit about in the sunlojs air, or of tho bottomless pits of flro, 'where the acuiirsod of heaven dwell? h?! ha! ha! of what strango things aro .the. thoughts of mud women!" ' ' bluin swept the cold perspiration from bis foroheutl, und got up hurriedly. " i'm bogiuningto think, you're mad yourself, my good woman, and i will tako a ramble until you corns' to yourself. if i hadn't/boon "in your compuuy" all day, i'd swoar you had been drinking,'.' and* ho strode off into the darkness, " fool !" sho muttered to herself, as. she once more sat upon the grass ; ?" ho thinks that nothing but drink can make a woman mad—ho, of all men, ought to know bettor ?" ? as she coosod to speak the bounds of a suiokly approaching horse's feet became iitihot, and in a few moments a horse man alighted close to the waggon. soe' ing,. the.- recumbent or half-reoumbont figure of the woman nuking the shadows -   darker.wnera'-st.e'fttt; he'peered forward iv th?'glqoju.'iiiid ei>oke. ; ?? "?::?'['; ??" '? ? "you ? aro v woman, eh? avhere's blunip" >-. : .:\\." ',-?';;'???[ .?}/'.': v ?'-?'.'??. ?':?:?:-.?'.'.-- : -" he'roi jihferc, ! .' : ; /anywhore," ;? ~< ehb answered, careleatly.;? :'; "v ,' ': ! ' "i am here; "john; l wuttt'has -hap-' -;ioned j" ? , blum spoko sharply as- u? oamo' nenr- tho man, ivndouo could hoar, that hie voice trembled/ : ""?. : !;'; v' ? "nptbinp* that hood frut you , much, blumi' she's dead." : '.:.?.. ."doadp" ,, -.-'-".:-' , - ?*.-?'?-?. '?? .?.;?? ???'^??-?;; "yoj, and i thought i'd better meet you 'with- the- news, 'or someone else might. there's all sorts of yarns at'the ford about it, nnd i did not know,how you'd takn 'em." ' ; ??': - "yarns ?". '? ..-? '-? v;, ? ."--'- ; ' : -" yes, i haven't boen up to your place sinoo you left, you kuow, ana iit "secuis ? someono - from 'over ?- the' ''mountains h'apponed to pass by the. house yestortaj-; and hadthoouriosityto listen'at the door or window, wondering how you' had- loft your wife. it ii said that, groans wore hoard—at all ovonts tho stranger smashed iv tho door with your own axo, and found tho woman dying.'.- , "not dead ? not speechless p" ??'.?.- ?? " no, sho told him that you had loft her thoro for over a weok without wator and without food, and that oho was dying of want. but she told him more,'-tho man said, drawing closer , and almost n-bisporing ; '? she told that you wished her death, lest she should inform of your crimes, and' that *ho had novor' boen mad. mark blum, i rode hero to-night to give you a olianoe for your lifo, for if you go to emu pord thoy will lynoh you —-if thoy ; don't, dead men have boen brought to light from thoir graves made by you, and tho law will do your business." the speaker waited'for an instant, but the wrotohbd blum made no reply, and tho man romountod without another word and rodo away again into the gloom. blum stood whero ho had listened, as if ho hud boon struck dumb ; in those few minutes of helpless silonoo ho doubtless ? :uffart?l vii nlmost uriendurablo agony from tho horror of his own thoughts. ho had forgotten all but the ? terrible words of the departod horsuinau, and : whou the woman ho had forgotten put hor hand on his arm ho k tt ?pod with terror, as though ho thought'his ' mur dered wife''had oomo fooo to face with him iv the lono night by the nopenn river. ' "h?! ha ! "sho laughed; "i am not, and yot i am, the ghost of your dead wife. at last; at lastj murk blum, your sine havo overtaken you." , " who .aro you that talks to mc like this p" ho oriod, hoarsely, as though tho words ohbkod him. ? "it you heard that man's foolish story you needn't take it all for gospel. if i had meant to kill hor would i havo hired you to attend her?" : :?'.' ,; -'?: ?'.: .-.: ?? ??. : ?'"?.... , : ' ?? . " only the; spirit of evil knows what you would bo oapablo.of doing, mark bluin., i" kiiow what you havo done. and so you havo murdorod your second wifo p not ovory man oan boast of killing two wives i": : tho moon was now just throwing her lust beams full in tho faces of the two so strangely oast togotlior in that wild and lonely spot, .and from tho cloudless sky millions of stars wore pouring down uinir brightness as tho lust beams of tho hiddou daylight ooasod to oontond with them. into each othor'a faoes the two stared steadily, and it sooniod to mark blum as if, moment : by moment, tho woman's faoe-bocamo more familiar to him.- . '?','-. ':?'?. ? '?: ~ : . ?': ?;:?.;;?.:.: ? ; "wlio' aro you p" he repeated., "your faoe is chauguig—it is not the face of tho woman i ongagodat sydnoy. i think i am going mad i i fool choking!" and ho toro from his nock tho scarf that uiieirclod it. ' ".?'?'. "you know-my face too. well, mark blum—a livinsj lnau oaunot forgot tho fuoo of his victim. lam jane ltopsill." ?'." jano ropsiu!'.' ; "that wai, until sho beoauio jane blum. wonder, you dared to live under that same name, ovon although thou sands and thousand*) of miles wero bocweeu you and tho blood you had shed. but you did not spill enough of it. you loft mc for a oorp.io; but, although my skull was frupturod, i rooovorod, to find myself mad! not mad enough to forgot you. though, mark blum. not mad onough to prevent mo from vowing a .vow, and repeating il for fifteen yoars, until the asylum doors woro oponod to tho recovered lunatic! liooovorod i i ehull let yoii and them soo 1" ho stagi?ored baok and lifted his hand to his hoad. "if it is really, you, jatio, have pity on me—l boliovo i am dying." "it is timd for you to dio. would to qod that you had diod twenty years ago i" ; und as- tho old memories flooded up tho diseased . brain, sho soouiod to forgot tho man, who fell to the grass at . her foot; she moohanioally foil again to hor former goat- on the grans and buriod hor face in her hands. . tho re was no eye to mark , the two figures half mddon among'the shadows, aud hours passed away, leaving their outlinos unchanged. olouds oropt up once moro aud hid the brightness of tho. hoavens, and wild ? brbezos swopt among tho piuoa and roughened tho sur fnoo of tho cold nepoan.' moaning sounds followod tho course of tho erratic breezos, and-, dead leaves from tho branches above. fell upon the fiico of mark blum .and upon the disordered hair of tho silent woman, but thoy made no sign. the calico cover of tho waggon flapped in the wind, aud the saus?od horses cropt nonr it for company, but the man lay prone upon the grass and tho woman's fuco was still hidden from tho down of night. the morning broke bright and beau tiful on the shores of tho river, and in all his glory tho glad euu.shoub full upon tho sloopers. tho horsi.-s,. looking' for thoir; oarly; feed, niovod towards their aluinberiug master, und thou -fled -with a terrified snort. a grey lizard crept along tho log azainst wlnoh tho woman leaned, and invuding hor long, damp, black hnir, crawled to her shoulder and touchod with its shiny sides, the hands that hid her face, but she did not chido it; and whon the tiuno horseman, who hod warned blum, returned during the day to satisfy himself that blum hud flctl, he found tho murderer staring with sightless' eyes up lit tho houven he had outruged ; and the (load woman "with' her face for ever 'hidden from the world she hud' suffcrod there are green spots now by tho nopeaii iliver, und many homesteads on its bunks, but where thoso dead bodios lay tho air seems always gloomy to those who know tho story i have told you. !   . tire timed are hard wivs co— but tho wagos of aiu'liayo uot'bocn out down. axy imut pay* too much for hu wiiutlo who ha* to wot u ill teen or twenty times a day. thk other day tho- berkshire courier, with 'well-feignod innooence, inquired, " how can. fl.ro porsotitf divide five egge %o that each man will rooeivu ono, : aud ?till 000 ronmin in the dish ,. after several huudrod peoplo weut twro-thirde dlarractod in tho mazes of this pro position, the ' courier meanly say*—one takoi the duhvith the egg.        14079		miles dunlop's mistake   chapter i portsea.   miles dunlop's mistake.   by m. gaunt.   chaptek i.   pobtsea.   " to hia eye   there was but one beloved (ace on earth. and that was shining on him,"—byron.   iles dunlop,   walking gloomily along the pier, had just decided that he had made a great mis take in coming to   portsea. there wan   a keen wind blowing btraight from antarctic ice bergs; the sky, instead ot being one bright, cloudless, dark blue dome, as it really ought to have been on an aus tralian december day, was gloomy and overcast; the swish-swash of the water among the piles made him shudder, and yet there was nowhere for him to go to except his hotel, which he had just stigma tised in hib own mind.   "in fact," continued miles to himself, throwing away his cigar and knocking his stick against the bags of coal which pretty nearly covered the little pier, " they were quite right when they told me about portsea, and i'm blessed if i know why i was such a tool as to come, and all for nothing, too. well,   nnvhnw t annnnsa t «n no/»lr nn   my traps again and be off to-morrow." and he strolled back, and asked again to see the visitors' book.   the hotel was fall enongb ; he conld bee that for himself. the verandah was crowded with people; women knitting, crocheting, and gossiping as if their lives depended on it, and men playing quoits, smoking, and inwardly wondering what the devil they were going to do next, while children were everywhere. all this miles danlop saw, bnt he saw never a person he knew or cared to know ; therefore he asked again for the visitors' book, as if it conld by any means have altered since he had stndied it an bonr ago.   "campbell, carstairs, beetham, smith, popham. no,'confound it," he muttered, " not a soul i know, and yet—and yet—i didn't think the little girl would play me false, and she certainly said the lonsdale hotel, portsea. well, well, i can go away again, i suppose. landlord," he added, aloud, " i don't suppose i'll stay long. is there anything to be been about   here ? "   "oh, lots to see," said the landlord. "get a trap and go to the back beach, or go to the wreck of the cheviot, or even to nepean, or get a boat and go fishing, or go to the south channel fort—wind's favourable,   "hold bard," said dunlop," "how far is the back beach? a mile—or   two?"   "i'll order the trap."   "nonsense; i asked you how far it was. is it two miles?"   "well, it's heavy walking through the sand. you'd better have the trap "   "mydear sir," put in a friendly individual standing by, "you take my advice and walk, it'll do you good, and it won't take you above 20 minutes. there's the track, round by that cottage, where you see the french flag flying."   miles thanked bim, and marched away at double quick pace down the sandy track that led him over the hill and away into the dense ti-tree scrub. the sand, as "mine host" had said, was heavy walking. however, after a stiff pull he reached the brow of the hill overlooking the southern ocean, and all his ill- temper vanished. the south wind still rushed on bitter and cold, but it bore on ita wings the fresh salt breath of the ocean, and the waves were ridged with bnow-white foam.   "by jove," said miles to himself—"by jove, it really was worth coming for, after all;" and after another look round at the wide expanse of ocean he began to descend by the steep and winding path to the shore. uninvit ing as the day was, other people were there before him—young people, children almost, he judged by the shouts of laughter that reached his ears, borne on the sea bieexe. then he tnrned the shoulder of the hill, and right beneath him saw a little company of six walking in indian file, and as nearly as possible in one another's footsteps. first came a lad of about 14, his boots slung across bis shoulders, and his trousers tucked up to be out of the way of possible waves. two smaller boys, a girl of 12, and another much younger followed carefully in his wake, and the little company was brought up in the rear by a figure which was strangely familiar to miles dunlop, and his heart beat high with hope as he fairly raced down the last steep pinch and landed on his hands and knees in the sand. he raised a shout to attract attention, but the south wind blew his voice back to the hills again, and unnoticing, the little company passed by. miles, thinking, perhaps, he had been mistaken, took another look at them, and found to his intense delight his surmises had been correct, and his eyes had not deceived bim. such a pretty girl, he thought her, this last one; oh! such a pretty girl. tall and slight, with & dainty figure that even the badly fitting old pink; print she wore could not disguise. deep, dark blue eyes shaded by long dark eyelashes were now dancing with fun, her long fair hair streamed down over her shoulders, the keen air bad brought a most becoming flush to her cheeks, and like her brothers and bisters she was barefoot.   " well, i am in luck," thought miles to himself. " by jove, what pretty feet and ankles ! hallo, there i" he shouted aloud, "you'll be drenched to   the skin."   his warning cry came too late, and a great white wave, bigger than its tellowg, caught the little company and soaked them to the waist with a   simultaneous shriek they separated, and racing np the sands caught sight   of the newcomer.   the f&ir-h;&ired; girl dropped down where she stood, and gathered together her damp pink skirts over her pretty bare feet   miles disregarded the other five, who clamoured round him, and made his   way towards her.   " miss nairn," he said, holding out his hand, " i'm delighted to see you.   i've just been abasing this place for a beastly hole, for i thought there   wasn't a soul here i knew. now "   inopportune as it was, he coald not in his delight resist the temptation to press her hand and look meaningly into those blue eyes.   ^dearlie nairn blushed crimson. much as she liked—nay, perhaps more   than liked—miles da nlop, she wished him anywhere else in the world than at her bide at that particular moment   " i've glad yon've come," she stammered faintly. " i thought you'd for get, but "   at that moment another big wave rolled over dearlie as she sat on the beach, wetting her more thoroughly than ever, and, of course, as dunlop stood immovable beside her, sparing not his trousers and boots. the boys   and girls beside them, whobe limbs were bare   io aoove tne knees, ana woo naa tnereiore nothing to fear from the water, shouted with delight, bnt dearlie only looked more dis   tressed than ever.   "oh, dear," she sighed, "you're getting so wet hadn't yon better get out of reach of   the waves ? "   " hadn't you," he asked, holding out his hands. "you must be wet through and through."   " yes, but ." dearlie, thinking of her bare feet, grew crimson ; and miles divining her thoughts, was wondering whether he should offer to go away, when her eldest   brother came to the rescue.   " get up, dearlie, at once," said mr. tom with all a schoolboy's aathority in his tones. "don't be a little fool. what does it matter if yon are barefoot. i'm sure mr. dunlop doesn't care a bang. come, get up, i say.'   thus adjured, dearlie, with dunlop's help   rose to her feet, and pre   sently, much to her own re lief, found herself walking along by his side, chatting as easily as if the back beach were the bhady side of collins-street, and she bonneted and booted in quite the correct style.   " might i ask," said miles, deferentially, " what on earth you were doing when i came up ?"   dearlie laughed.   "you'll think me a great baby, i expect," bhe said; "but we were playing in dians—walking in each other's footsteps, you know, eo as to leave only one trail, which the sea was to wash away. tom's been reading fenimore cooper ever since be went to the grammar school. now here's my hat i wonder where my boots and stock ings are. i'm sure i pat them under this bush. oh dear, oh dear, whatever bhall i do if they're lost!"   "lost! they can't be lost," said miles, comfort ingly, and immediately he and the boys instituted a vigorous search among the thick ti-tree scrub that fringed the shore, but as dearlie had entirely for gotten the landmarks she had trusted to it was rather like seeking for the pro verbial needle in a bundle of hay, and tom was not alow to announce that fact   "you know, dearlie," he said, "i told you how it 'ud be. you ought to have car ried them like we did, only you said you'd to-hold your dress up out of the water, and nicely you've done it, too you look like a drowned rat you'd better put your hair up."   " i can't," sighed dearlie ; '' all my hairpins are gone."   " whew," whistled tom, and "my word," cried the others, in chorus. " won't you just catch it when aunt pop sees you."   poor dearlie looked on the verge of tears, and miles, stooping, whispered by way of oomiort—   " you have no idea how charming you look," a re mark which hundreds of lovers have made hundreds of times before, and this time it was as effective as   usual   " well, it's no good stick ing here." said nr&ctical;   tom. "it moat be near time to go home, and— oh,' crumbs! dearlie, look out for aqnalla. here's aunt fop."   a tall, straight, elderly lady, with snow-white hair and 'a severe cast of countenance, had come npon them unawares, and was apparently not in the   best of tempera.   "children," she said, severely. "children, whatever have you been doing to be away ao long: i was really getting alarmed for your safety, and— good gracious me, keziah! keziah nairn, are you aware you look like a scarecrow ? have you iorgotten you are a lady—the daughter of a gentle   man 7   "i'm sure 1 don't know, aunt," sighed dearlie, apologetically. "i'm borry. i've lost my boots and etockings, and my hairpins, but "   "no excuse, now. you know you cannot afford to lose boots and   btockings."   dearlie hung her head. that fact she understood a great deal more fully   than her aunt could.   " pray," went on the old lady, putting up her eye-glasses and surveying miles severely through them, much to his discomfiture. "pray, who is this gentleman?"   dearlie introduced him.   " mr. dunlop, my aunt, miss poph&m.;"   miss popham thawed somewhat she had heard her half-brother, the lather of these young nairns, speak in warmest terms of mr. dunlop as an englishman and a man of the world, so she held out her hand and smiled graciously on him.   "you are staying at the 'lonsdale,' i suppose, mr. dunlop. ah, so are we. we bhall see you at tea then, when i shall introduce you to another niece, who is not"—with a severe look at poor dearlie—"a disgrace to the family. you are walking, i suppose. yes. then that is certainly the nearest way. we are driving. come, children ; come, keziah. i am ashamed. i am truly humiliated. mr. dunlop, i trust you will forget having met this hair-brained girl. good bye for the present, then."   forget her. miles dunlop looked at the sweet face, half hidden beneath the big poke hat, and saw the tears of shatne and vexation in the blue eyes, while just the ghost of an amused smile played round her mouth, and wondered if lie ever could forget her. if he were not a fool for tbiuking   of her so much.   "a fool," he called himself; "an old fool," as he took the back track to portsea, accompanied by master tom, who telt all a schoolboy's elation at being invited by the older man to be his companion, and set it down to his own charms of person or conversation, never dreaming for a moment that bis sister could have aught to do with this desire for his company. how ever, he discoursed learnedly on the fishing ami boating to be procured at portsea to deaf ears, his companion answering at random, and going over and over again in his own mind his interview with dearlie nairn.   "a fool, a fool, an old fool." his words kept time to his footsteps, and wrought themselves into a sort of dismal rhythm. he was thirty-six and bhe was nineteen. why, there was half a generation between them. he had lived a lifetime, while she was yet a child; and besides, besides— ah, there lay the sting. miles dunlop, well-built, good-looking fellow as he undoubtedly was, had had, a few years back, his beauty terribly marred by a gun accident, and though the left tide of his face was handsome as of old, the right was seamed and scarred out of all semblance to humanity, and the eye vrfgs gone.   it was very bitter—it was cruelly bitter, he thought, as he strode home ward through the heavy sand, listening to tom's chatter; cruelly, cruelly bitter. she was so bweet, so fair, so charming. ah, dear, what a fool he was to dream snch happiness could be his. another man—younger, better looking—would woo lier and here he caught his foot in a spreading root of ti-tree scrub and measured his length on the black sand.   "there; i told you so," cried tom, who felt himself on terms of perfect friendship with dunlop, and privileged to say what he pleased. "there; i knew you'd come to grief if you didn't look out. the track's so narrow and full of roots. i guess, though, you can't see so well with only one eye. isn't that it? here, take my hand," and tom held out a friendly though somewhat grimy paw.   miles laughed.   "well, no," he said, " i can really see very well, though i have only one eye. i am afraid i was thinking of something else."   "can you really see all right," asked tom, who was certainly not troubled with any sensitiveness on his own account, and could not imagine that   anyone else was.   " yes, 1 can see all right," said miles, with a half sigh.   "oh, can you," went on tom ; " i'll just tell dearlie that we were talk ing about you, you know, one day, and dearlie said she was awfully sorry for you. she thought it 'ud be dreadful to have your face all scarred like that, and bhe always tried to walk on the other side. 1 say, how did you manage to do it ? "   poor dunlop. if he had felt the world bitter before, life seemed to him twenty times more hopelessly dark and dreary after the boy's careless chatter. he had always thought himself a ghastly object, but that she, the only woman in the world for whose opinion he cared one jot, should openly bay it made her shudder to look at him. well, well, it was only natural, be supposed. he didn't want to hurt ber. he would take himself off by the ozone next day, as he had at first intended, and would never cross her path again. and yet the thought would come, spite of himself. she bad been very sweet to him ever since he had known her. she had been very glad to bee him this afternoon. she had looked brightly up out of those blue eyes of hers and   tom's voice broke in on his thoughts, complaining—   "crumbs! i say, you are a fellow. i've asked you about a dozen ques tions and you haven't answered one."   miles roused himself.   "weil, tom," be said, "i apologise. i was thinking of something else. come, now ; what was it you wanted to know ?"   " how you lost your eye and spoiled your beauty, you know ?" "oh ! that; that was an accident—a gun accident."   "well," said young australia irreverently, " i guess i know that much. i bet you didn't do it on purpose—but how?''   "it was in india. i and a friend were out on a shooting expedition, and while we were pushing our way through some jongie his gun caught in a branch, went off, and lodged the contents in my face. that's all. it was   all over in a minute."   " yes," said tom, with very little sympathy in his fresh young voice, as they ascended the steps that led up to the verandah of the lonsdale. " yes, and it's an awful pity, for, as dearlie says, you'd have been awfully good looking if it hadn't been for that. oh ! and i say, there's the tea-bell i'll be late, and, by jingo, won't i catch it from aunt pop!"       chapter ii a younger brothers opinions.   chapter il   a younger brothers opinions.   " trifles iignt m sir   are, to the jealous, confirmations strong as proofs of ho'.y writ."—ctuello.   the diningroom at the lonsdale was a long room, hang round with festoons of green staff. down the middle ran the largest table, and a dozen or so of smaller ones were at each side. all were now crowded with people, and it seemed to the last comer that there was really no place for him. the landlord was carving at a side table.   " you'll find a seat at-the other end," he said, nodding his head, "down there by the window."   miles still looked doubtfully down the room when tom nairn came rush ing in and fell against bim in bis headlong career.   " oh, crnmbs!" he said, not one bit abashed, " ain't 1 glad to catch you. you come along and sit at our table. there's heaps of room, and if the old girl pitches into me for being late, you can say it wsb your fault, yon know."   dunlop accepted the invitation and followed his young friend. the thought of how dearlie had said it made her shudder to look at him aent the blood   to his face as he approached. the smiling welcome he received half |   reassured him ; and then, again, as he took the vacant seat beside her he was horribly conscious that it was on her left, and that therefore the seamed and scarred side of bis iace was presented folly to her view.   " so sorry to be late, aunt," said master tom glibly, plunging into apologies at once; "but it wasn't my fault, it was mr. dunlop kept me. yes, moses," to the grey-suited waiter, "you can send me up a flathead, and i'll have eggs and bacon and a small chop to follow. mind they're hot,   miss popharn received dunlop graciously enough, and introduced him to a handsome girl who sat opposite.   "my niece helen, mr. dunlop," she said.   helen nairn just raised her eyes. they were glorious dark eyes, and she, dnnlop mentally thought, was the handsomest woman he had seen for many a long day, the greatest contrast possible to the fair-haired sister beside him. dearlie was pretty with the preltineas that comes with youth,   with golden hair, dark-blue eyes, and a bright pink-and-white complexion, j but her sister, who was at least fire or six years older, put her completely in j the bhade, and made her girlish prettiness seem poor and insignificant beside , faer dark regal beanty. he could not imagine her playing indians on the beach for the amusement of faer younger brothers and sisters, and appearing before a stranger drenched and dripping and minus boots and stockings; and yet somehow he did not think she could he so lovable and sweet,   she looked at him as shftlrks introduced, took in his scarred face at one glance, then dropped her ejres again and calmlr went on with her tea. she was a yonng lady who was accustomed to homage from men, and was evidently not going ont of her way to he entertaining now. dearlie, on the contrary, busy as she was attending to the wantb of her younger brothers and witters, still fotind time to bestow a thought on the man beside her.-:   "do have some flathead, mr. dunlop," she recommended. " it really isn't half bad. what is it, katie dear r to the little dark-eyed girl of six who aat beside her. " oh! the honey. well, pet, it's all gone; but never sund, i'll ask annie for soma more."   v arthur andp^ankie ate itall np, greedy thinga/' pouted katie.   * katherine p said miss popbam'e stem voice, interrupting her conversa tion vrith dunlop to reproach fast little nelce katherine.   "hush, dear, hash," said dearlie soothingly," there's plenty more. vv shouldn't they eat it if they like ? you shall have some more."   " dearlie," said helen, speaking tor the first time, "you spoil those children."   " no 1 don't," said dearlie brightly. " come, now, mr. danlop. you, shall be judge. i only like them to have as much honey as they want. it's wild honey, you know, and tastes of the ti-tree, and it's so nice. i like it myself."   "mr. dunlop," said helen, taming to hitu, "mast find it rather a nuisance assisting at a nursery tea. i can't thiuk why on earth they don't have a children's table here."   " nut at all, not at all," protested miles. " i don't mind it in the least; i rather like it in fact. if you had as many solitary meals as lyou would too,   miss nairn."   " i cin't imagine myself ever ukinj this pandemonium ; i pat up with it,' said helen resignedly, while dearlie asked sympathetically—   " do you have lonely meals, mr. dunlop? oh ! i'm so sorry for you. i never had a meal by myself yet, and i hope i never shall. it must be   wretched."   "never mind, miss dearlie," said miles, turning to her. "never fear. i don't suppose you'll ever be left alone in the world."   " not while we're a'l alive," baid tom, his mouth full of eggs and bacon. " but stop, i don't know ; i'm hanged if i'll have you to live with me if you're an old maid, dearlie. o-oh ! and i won't have you at all if you kick me in that way."   for it was evident from dearlie'a face that she, with a vivid recollection that their aunt at the head of the table was still an unappropriated blessing had endeavoured to bring that fact forcibly to her youthful brother's mind by an application of that neat little foot dunlop had so much admired earlier   in the evening.   "thomas,"said miss popham severely, "there are many more unhappy women in this world than old maids. you don't know what you are talking about."   " i suppose it is most women's own choice if they don't marry," said dun lop thoughtfully, pouring oil on the troubled waters, "it will certainly be   miss dearlie's."   " well, yee, i suppose it will," said tom, the irrepressible. " why, charlie dalr.vmple'a coming next week, eh dear? oh, crumbs ! you needn't   kick a fellow so."   poor dearlie hushed crimson, and dunlop sighed to himself as he thought —" ah, yes, she was sure to have a lover."   miss popham, however, promptly took mr. tom in hand.   " thomas," she said, "you are becoming exceedingly vulgar. you have no right to mention your sister's name in connection with that of any gentleman."   " why not?" asked tom as if in search of information.   "why not?" repeated his aunt, in dignified tones. "why not? be cause, thomas, as 1 have just told you, it is not seemly or becoming."   "but, good lord, aunt," persisted tom ; "it's only charlie dalrymple. why he's a regular tame cat about the place. governor said so himself one day. you see," he added, turning to dunlop with the evident desire of im parting information to his friend, " he used to be nell's admirer, but she was so blessed high and haughty with the beggar, be turned over to dearlie, didn't be. dear? oh, he's awfullv gone; give me a sov last time he   ?arlie likes him too, i know, for all she's so coy about it. yes, saw me; and dearlie   dearlie, i give my consent and my blessing. i bet you'll be mrs. dalrymple some time next year. crumbs, i say ! you're kicked me so you've raised a braise on my shin."   dearlie was hot all over now, and looked so uncomfortable that miss pop ham in pity for her confusion made another effort to stem tom's ill-timed confidences.   " thomas," she said, "since you are not gentleman enough to sit quiet, as i desire, you had better leave the room."   " but i haven't finished my tea. oh, i say, aunt, that's too bad. i'll be as mum as a mouse, but i guess it'll be blow if i don't talk, and i wanted to entertain mr. dunlop."   "hold your tongue," said miss popham sharply, anl tom, seeing she was really in earnest, subsided, and turned his whole attention to his tea, merely winking at dunlop now and then, as a sign of the confidence and friendship   that existed between them.   as he had opined, it was rather slow when his tongue ceased. the chil dren chattered softly to each other, over-awed by their aunt's stern face. helen went calmly on with her tea, it was not her business to make things straight; dearlie, contused, uncomfortable, and wildly angry with tom, felt that if she spoke she should burst out crying, and disgrace herself before them all; and dunlop, seeing her confusion with ah aching pain at lis heart, took it as a sign she returned her young lover's affection, and man of the world though he was, could not think of one single commonplace remark wherewith to lannch the conversation into 6&fer; channels once more. he had another cup of tea, and helped himself to another piece of toast, which he with elaborate care spread with marmalade, though be had not the re motest intention of eating it, and just as the silence was becoming unbear able, unconscious winnie came to the rescue.   "aunt," she baid, "when charlie dalrymple comes down he's going to take us to the wreck of the cheviot 1 wish he'd come soon."   " i'm sure there's no need to wait for charlie dalrymple," said dearlie sharply, so sharply that danlop turned to her in surprise. " i should hope we could get there without hi* help. can't we go to-morrow, aunt, or the next day ? the tide 'ii euit the landlord said so, and we might walk along the beach. it's not quite five miles, and it would be nice to walk, wouldn't it, mr. danlop ?" she said, turning her blushing face to him. " i hope you'll come too. but perhaps you're like helen, and despiee a nursery picnic."   poor dunlop, that sweet face tempted him sorely. he thought what a fool he was, what an utter fool. what chance had he'against the young fellow whom she evidently expected so eagerly, and yet, like the foolish moth that flutters round the candle to its own destruction, he accepted her iuvitation gladly.   " of course, mibs dearlie, i'll be only too delighted. to-morrow i should think would do splendidly. will you allow us to arrange a picnic for then, miss popham?"   tom was gesticulating wildly his entire approval of the proposed scheme, bnt fear of his aunt kept his tongue quiet, and she answered thought fully.   " well, yes, we might go if the children wish it i'm sure it's very good of ysu to interest yourself in them, mr. dunlop. bnt as tor walking, icpziah, i don't know about that the eand is heavy, and it's a long way.   helen will be tired."   danlop looked at helen's magnificent physique, compared it mentally with that of the slight girl beside him, and eertainly sympathised with the contemptuous " pooh " with which she greeted .her aunt's remark.   " it's the horses i think about," she said ; "those poor homes. auntie, you know, you said only this afternoon you'd never ride behind those poor creatures again. what thev feed them on i can't imagine."   " shavings," said tom, " shavings and seaweed. there now, aunt, don't yon be scotty. i've finished my tea, and 1 s'pose alt the rest of you have too. let's go down on the pier, or i say—oh crumbs! i lorgot—the doctor's come   down."   "has be?" asked miss poph&m; indifferently, brushing a crumb from the front of her dress, as she prepared to leave the table.   " yes, he has. i forgot to tell yon before. i saw him this morning, and be said be hoped we'd come up to-nigbt he bent bis love to dearlie, and to tell her be can't live without a eight of her for another day."   " very touching, i'm sure," laughed dearlie.   " yes, isn't it. and he's got a new store, an american thing, he wants to sfaow yon. won't you go, aunt ?"   i won't go," protested helen. "the old wretch always wants to flirt   with me."   "stop at home, then, crosepatch," suggested tom. "but i tell you he   ? itm tlairlis luti*r ti»n vnn fvimp. nnnf vnti'll fro tliia eveniiur. vnn t vnn '   likes dearlie better than you. come, aunt, you'll go this evening, won t you !   i told him very likely you would."   " oh, very well," assented mies popham, "but i shan't take any children. we must wait till they're in bed."   "good for you," said tom, *' children ate better at home. they'll only be in our way."   'and pray, thomas," said hie aunt, " who invited you?"   ' well, the doctor did, for one." said tom, with a calm conviction of his own importance that nothing conid shake " he's got a new deep-sea line for me, and, besides, you surely don't think me a child?"   miss popbam laughed.   " ob, dear no, certainly not. come by all means, the doctor will very likely wish to consult you about some difficult cases, is in urgent need of yonr advice most probably."   " you needn't laugh. aunt," remarked tom; " i know i'll be welcome."   " i wish," murmured miles dunlop in dearlie's ear, as they strolled on to the verandah together, "i wish . what wouldn't i give tor that boy's assurance. he knows that his presence will bring its own welcome with it."   dearlie looked upon his-face and bmiled.   "it's only cheek," she said; "just schoolboy cheek. tom thinks be knows everything, whereas, as a rate, he's very wide of the mark indeed." *and the last remark was so emphatic dunlop began wondering whether ifcould possibly haveany reference to tom's assertions at tea. and whllehe was trying to summon courage to frame some question, the answer to which might set bis jealous doubts at test dearlie broke the silence by an invitation, and the opportunity was lost.   " will yon come to wbtriiy with us to-night?" she asked, half shyly, he though^ and be saw by the fading light that the colour had rushed to her   cheeks.   "i'd like to" be *&id;, emphatically; "i'd like to, but i don't know the doctor. i don t even know bu name."   it's dr. o'hea," she mid. "surely you know him. he's the great specialist, eye doctor, or ear doctor. which is it?" *"   "oh, the great aurisk yes, i have met him, but i don't suppose he would remember me, and my acquaintance would nardly justify me in going   to bis bouse."   "come with us," she asked, softly; " do come. i may take whom i please,   and—and.—"   sbe hesitated, and stammered. they were standing alone at the far end of the verandah, a good twenty feet from the rest of the boarders, who were crowded together watching the lights of an incoming steamer, and their isolation, and the fast-falling shadows of the night, gave him a courage be would otherwise bave lacked.   ''?hd, and." he repeated, sinking bis voice to a whisper, while hie heart   beat, and he forget for a moment tom's talk about charlie dalrympie, " would you like to take me ?" ,.   i.you know i ehe began, in the same tones, when her sisters voice,   measured and slow, interrupted them.   ^dearlie " ahe aaid, "aunt'a calling rou. it a time katie went to bed, you know.' oh, mr. dunlop, i didn't aee you, but aunt hopea you'll come wve«vvi«ry"ftnd diaappointed, what could he say. he would have given worlds to bear dearlie finiah that sentence, ond yet, such are the uaaaea of society, there only remained for him to turn to heleu nairn and accept with   ft9™i,sl»all be delighted," he said; and as they all three walked up the ^randnh laether he told himself he had spent ten minutes in a foors baradiae and found himeelf miking commonplaces to misa nairn, w.bile dearlie, 'he realised once more, was walking silently on hia right.       chapter iii the science of chiromancy.   chapieb iii.   the science of chiromancy.   " thou openeet the mysterious cute   into the future's undiscovered land."—lonofblmw.   portsea, as everybody knows, is a very quiet, rustic-looking little place, given over during the greater part of the year to lime-burnera and fishermen.   it boaats no shops, and but two hotels. as there are no streets, it is difficult to aay of what the t ownship consists. houses there are, of course, pretty rustic-looking cottages, built of the white limestone common &t;( along the eastern coast of port phillip; but they are set each in their own grounds, at long distances apart—some down in the gullies, some high on the cliffs, overlooking the sea, but, all alike, half hidden among the close growing scrub. all portsea, more or less, seems to consist of this heavy bcrub—close, dark, and thick—it tills the sandy gullies, climbs to the top of the hills, and crowns the steep cliffs that line the coast almost down to the forts at port nepean. . '<*$.   about a quarter of an hour's walk from the lonsdalehotel, perched on a cliff at the head of a little bay, quite hidden from the road by the scrub, which grew almost up to the very doors, was another of these limestone cottages—a long, low, rambling place, with a big verandah running all round, on which were lounges and easy chairs of every description. sheltered as it was, too, from the wind and sun, it had the merit of being seldom either too hot or too cold, and even on this evening, with a chilly south wind blowing, dr. o'hea found his verandah a very comfortable place for bis after-dinner smoke. he was a tall, thin, lantern-jawed irishman, with a shock of grey hair, and a piercing pair of blue eyes that apparently nothing could escape. he could be dignified enough when occasion offered, but, just at the present moment. dr. o'hea was thinking neither of dignity, nor place, nor of anything else save his own personal   comfort he was attired in the very oldest nnd raggedest of yachting uniforms, a red woollen tarn o'slianter was perched rakishly on one bide of his head, and he himself was stretched comfortably in a most luxurious lounging chair, smoking the best of cigars, and lazily turning over the leaves of a french novel. opposite him, seated in an easy chair, placidly knitting, was his wife, a quiet, gentle, old lady, who never had much to s«y for herself, whose only sorrow was that she had no children, and whose sole occnpation in life seemed to consist in knitting. there was another occupant of the verandah, too, a tall, fair young fellow, with blue eyes and close-cropped beard, who leaned agiinst one of the verandah posts, discontentedly puffing at a cigar, and, every now and then, made little excursions oat iuto the wilderness which, by oourtesy, was called a garden.   it soon grew too dark to read, and the doctor shut his book with a bang.   "charlie, charlie dalrymple, my boy," he said, turning to his companion, " what a restless ghost ye are. why can't ye sit still ?"   the other laughed a little constrainedly.   " well," he said, " well, yon see, it's got too dark to read, and, besides, i thought i heard someone coming."   "ob, did ye now?" said the doctor, winking to himself with keen enjoyment. it was too dark to take his wife into his confidence. "did ye? well, now, that's curious, for i asked the young nairns up this evening, and i should tiiink they'd be here soon ; eh, missis?"   "and do you think they'll come?" asked dalrymple, with ill-restrained   eagerness..   " why, yes, of course, why shouldn't they come ? it was that young scamp, tom, i saw. i told him i'd brought him a lishing-iiue, so he's sure to turn up, if he cornea by himself."   the other man gave a discontented little sigh, as if the prospect of tom's society, unaccompanied by any feminine aottening, did not afford him unmitigated pleabure, and went for another little stroll down the garden.   if tom nairn only appeared on the scene, he thought, as he walked down the rongh pathway that wound through thick scrub high above bis head—if only tom nairn appeared on the scene, be slip away down to the hotel and call npon hiss popham that evening. it was stupid of him, he reflected, to have accepted the doctor's invitation. he would have been much freer if he had stopped at the hotel, besides beiug nnder the same roof as his lady-love. for this young gentleman frankly acknowledged to himself that he was in love with dearlie nairn, and had come down with the express intention of wooing and winning her, if he could. somehow, he had not much fear as to the result there was no one else in hib way, that he had of. dearlie was pretty, it was true, sweetly pretty, lie thought, but helen always put her in the shade, and few thought to look at the younger sister when the elder was by. then, too, she was poor, very poor. dr. nairn, her father, was a man who had never made much of a mark in the world, one of those men who never would have done much, and now was handicapped by a large family of children. his half-sister, hiss popham, helped him occasionally, paid for tom's schooling, and took the children to the seaside for a month in the summer; but it was a well-understood thing that helen, her godchild, who had always lived with her, was to inherit ber fortune, and dearlie, poor little dearlie, would have nothing. but she was very loveable, ioveable and sweet enough to do without it, and, besides, he wonld have enough for both. ' he was jouior partner in a leading firm of merchants, a firm whose business was increasing every day. there was certainly no need for him to look for a fortune with bis wile, and dearlie nairn was ho sweet. lie wondered how it happened that he had known her for so many years, and yet only just discovered her charms; but then he bad been bo blindly in love with helen. yes, he did not mince matters to himself, this candid young man; he had adored helen, he bad laid himself down at her feet, and she had trampled on him, cruelly, and without pity, and bo, naturally, he had turned to her sister. there would he no need to woo dearlie in that abject fashion. she would be kind to him, and loving and gentle, and he would love her tenderly. he had not much doubt as to being accepted. why shouldn't she have him? he was young, and good-looking, and well-to-do. he was not exactly conceited, but he had a very clear idea of his own value, and he did not fear refuaal. he only wanted to meet her again, put the question, and get the matter thprougbly settled. it they did   not come to-night —   as he turned a corner the wind brought to his ears a chorus from "dorothy," and he quickened his pace and went forward to meet the approaching party. they stopped singing as he joined them, and helen came to bis side and held out her baod graciously, far more graciously, be thought, half bitterly, than she had ever done when he had been her devoted slave. .   "oh, i'm bo glad to see you, charlie," she said, as he turned back with them. " this is quite au unexpected pleasure. when did you come   down?*1   "by the ozone, this afternoon," he answered somewhat briefly. "i'm stopping with dr. o'hea."   that ahould_be pleasant," she said; but be made no answer.   dearlie had gone on in front, aide by eide with a broad-shouldered man in grey clothes. he could just see so much by the dim half light, and as he bad proposed to walk with her himself, be did not half like, the turn affairs had taken. he didn't want to talk tp helen. often enough, in days gone by, she had met his advances in bilehce, and he treated her the same way now; but she, in a gracious and charming fashion totally at variance with her nsual mode, talked on, apparently oblivious of his bad temper. at last, as they neared they peared the house, curiosity got the better of temper, and he condescended to ask, " who is that with dearlie?"   "that? oh, it's a mr. dnnlop. surely you know him, he's been at father's house several times lately. he's an englishman, a new chum ; he has not beet) out three months yet, and is going to join grant, allen, and grant, i believe. he was very rich once, and spent his time travelling about the world, but be lost nearly all bis money last year, 1 don t know how exactly, and now has to bettle down to hard work; at least, that a dearlie's story. she told me. he's her friend; she met him last month at the monlgomerys'. she stayed there, you know, for a week."   "ob, a charming englishman, of coarse," said dalrymple, with a   sneer."   " well, no," said helen, " i shouldn't call him charming j i think be s rather elow. he'e forty, at least, and then—well, one side of his face is very good- looking, while the other is—oh, it's awful, so dreadfully scarred it makes me feel sick to look at it. how dearlie can talk to him i m ante i don't know."   " she seems happy enough," grumbled dalrymple, discontentedly.   miss nairn laughed a little uneasily. * ,   "i dont eee she can well do anything elae," she said. "however, here we are at the doctor's, and you can cut bun out if yon want ta , .   she half hoped he would deny any such intention on on his part, dui,to her disappointment, he did nothing of the kind.   the doctor received them with open arms.   ye have been doing." ,,   helen nairn looked scornfully down onherhoafc. such conversation was not at all to her taste. but dearlie smiled good-naturedly 9b v"0 doctor's vagaries, and took the seat pointed oat to hen   mrs. o'hea was still placidly knitting, listening contentedly to. mus puplmro's conversation, every now nn.d then venturing u gentle remark on her own account dalrymple noticed that during his absence bhe had had several chinese lanterns lighted, so that the corner of the,verandah, where they were all congregated, made quite a little circle of glowing light in the surrounding gloom. he looked round for dearlie's escort, and caught eight of him at lost, standing quietly behind her chair, just outside the light, and not joining in the conversation, which was light and trifling enough.   " well, chnrming creature," said the little doctor, turning to de&rlie;, "and what hearts have you been breaking bince i saw you last?"   "i'm not in the habit of breaking hearts, doctor," said dearlie, laughing. "for one thing i don't get the chance, and for another 1 wouldn't if i could. it's not in my line."   " well, charming creature," went on the doctor, thoughtfully, " i should just have thought it was. you've broken mine, i know, long ago."   "oh," said tom, who wob busy examining his new fishing-line, "i say, what a whack. you look pretty healthy, doctor, for a heart-broken   mnn."   " ah," sighed the doctor, pathetically, "you haven't noticed me pining, then, lately; hut i suffer, i suffer, and it's all the fault of these sweet creatures."   "come, now," said dearh", "i really didn't know it was asbadasth&t.; i feel for you ; i do, indeed. what c9n i do to comfort yon ? would you like to tell my fortune ? " and she held out for his inspection a shapely little hand, albeit somewhat tanned by san and wind.   "good lord," said the doctor, "she calls the abbtruse science of chiro mancy 'telling her fortune.' well, sweet girl," he went on, "it's a perfect little hand, but i've told you all about it before."   "and ron didn't tell me much, you bad man. you said my life would be uneventful. you saw nothing in my band but peace and bappine<a"   " well, well, well; and what more could you want. blessed ib the woman who has no history. only, the devil is in it, ynu never can tell"   "weil, you know all about me at any rate," said dearlie. "you know ]'in not a base deceiver ; hut i shoild like a little history, i must confess. but if yon won't tell my fortune, tell someone else's. here's mr. dunlop. come, mr. dunlop, lend us your hand; we won't hurt it; and the doctor *il teach me to do it. won't you. doctor?"   thus objured dunlop leant over her chair and lield out his hand for them to examine, while the others, drawn by that irresistible influence which temute us all to pry into the unknown future, crowded round and listened eagerly. palmistry was the doctor's hobby. once started on it it seemed likely to last him the whole evening. he examined dunlop'b hand carefully, and holding it t'ghtly. in his own was soon launched lull sail on a dis sertation on heart lines and head lines, girdles of venus, and mounts of   jupiter.   " yes," said dearlie, at last, " th&i;'s all very interesting, hut tell us some tiling about mr. dnniop that 'il be more interesting still."   " well, i'd tell you. he's very sensitive and very diffi lent, and yet very, very warm-hearted, lie's that warm-hearted he beats the lot o' ye."   " ye*," said dearlie, "yes. tell us some more," while dunlop murmured something expressive of a dislike to being thus publicly analysed.   "well," went on the doctor, regariless of liis protests, "he's been in l-ive. that m interest you ladies. oh, awfully in love."   "come, i say," murmured miles again, but the doctor took no notice.   " he was disappointed," he went on, calmly; "disappointed, and— yes, he got over it, though it did cost him somettiing, and he has had a bad uccident to the head."   " you have only to look in my face." said dunlop. sadly, "to see that."   " hold your tongue, eir," siid the doctor, bharply," "and don't interrupt i don't know anything about your face. you've been in the dark ever since y u've been here. 1 saw it in your hand. and there's another thing. you're in love at this present moment, very much in love."   "crumbs!" cried tom. "it's getting interesting," and "oh, oh, oh, tell us who the lady is," in various key?, cried the rest of the audience, while the victim showed signs of restlessness, but the doctor was as grave and solemn as if it were a matter of the deepest moment, and retused to release his subject until he had finished.   " you will soon be in great danger," he went on ; " very great danger, but you will piss through in safely and—and— yes; look, little girl, at the line <>1 luck. you will attain your heart's desire."   mileb gave an unbelieving sigh as lie withdrew his hand, and dearlie   exclaimed—   "oh, what a nice fortune—at least the iubt part of it. "why couldn't you give me one like that ? "   " i can only tell what the hand says," said the doctor, severely ; "only what the hand says. besides, 1 never told him he'd be happy. he never will, fte'il always be worrying over something."   " well," said dunlop, " that's a nice character to have. i think you ought to teli miss dearlie's fortune now for my benefit."   " i tell you i've told iter's over and over again," said the doctor, taking her hand in his and glancing once more into the sofr, pink palm. " iii tell you one thing, though. ttieie's a curious fitness—a sort of suitability—about hands. in yours and this little girl's here, for instance."   " well, what do you see? "-asked dunlop, curiously.   "if tins girl were in love with you," said the doctor, emphatically, "if she were your wife, she would just worship the ground you walked on. there is iiutiiing she would not do for you."   poor dearlie looked hoi and uncomfortable, and drew away her hand, while tom chuckled with laughter.   "oh, crumbs," he said; "oh. crumbs, fancy dearlie your wife, mr. dunlop; and fancy her worshipping the groand you walked on. oh, 1 say, that is goo j. what do you think of that, charlie?" he asked,   mischievously.   but dalrymple evidently did not approve of the tnrn the conversation had   taken.   " it's all utter rot," he said, rudely, "any fool knows that. but i bay, i thought you aaid we might have a dance to-night, doctor. i'm sure we want something to warm us up."   "so 1 did, my lad, so i did, and i asked the yonng warners on purpose. come on in and -the missis 'it play us a tune."   it did not take long to pubh aside the chairs in the doctor's diningroom, and lefore mia o'jiea had seated herself at the piano the warners bad arrived—two tail girls—and their two brothers, who had a cottage a little   way up the coast towards sorrento.   the first dance dearlie danced with the doctor, and the next with dunlop, strolling out on to the verandah with him afterwards to cool her self. dalrymple came after her angrily, for he had come to look on ter as hie private property and reseuted any interference. he calmed down & little when be found her apparently alone, for her partner, leaning against a verandah- post jnst outside the circle of light, was to all intents and pur poses invisible, and he sank into a chair beside her, remarking—   " well, this is my dance at last, 1 suppose; hang it all, dearlie, yon are not treating me fairly, 1 think, throwing me over for that one-eyed old buffer; and i'm sure be dances badly enough."   " he dances well enough to please me, mr. dalrymple," said de&rlie;, rising with a dignity that dnniop thougbt proclaimed her relationship with her aunt and eider sister. "mr. dunlop, will you take me dowh the garden."   silently he offered his arm, and dalrymple watched them go down the bandy path together.   " by jove," he thought, "that was a snub, but the beggar oughtn't to bt&nd; out in the dark. i'm sure i didn't want to hurt hie feelings, and dearlie needn't have been so jolly snappy. she can't possibly care a rap about taim." and be rose and followed them, making so unwelcome a third tbut dearlie wsb glad to return to the bouse. -       chapter iv   chapter iv.   " the coildden's picnic."   " pleasant u the light of the morning when the tun rue lb, eren as a morning without clouds."—2 stm, '   with the perversily common to the australian climate, the next day dawned hot and still, a bright son, a cloudless sky, and a sea like glass, pro claiming a midsummer day, and at breakfast that morning the yonng nairns reminded their aont once mere ot the promised expedition to the wreck of the cheviot, andsuggeated that this was a fit and proper day for it to be   undertaken.   miles dunlop. seatedat the breakfast with them, aided and abetted, and soon the whole family were deep in discussion over the list of eatables and drinkables that iwere to be taken.   " we'll walk of coarse," said dearlie. "the tide '11 be right out i know, and we can walk along the beach for about fonr miles, and then there is really only a narrow strip of land between the bay and the wreck. the doctor told me last night that just there. it isn't ten minutes' walk   across."   " fiat it'll be about five mites," said helen. " and there's coming back again, i think i'll etay at home. i'd be tired to death."   " oh lord, yes," said tom. " you'd much better. i know what yon are »hen you're tired, and find your boots full of sand. you're a handful, yon are. yon just stay at borne, and superintend the masher's love-making."   " tom 1" said helen severely, while dearlie laughed.   '' it's too bad of yon, tom/' she said. yon make that man's life a burden to him. i'm sue h be knew me he'd come and return me devoutebt thanks on his bended knees tor taking you away for a whole day."   '1 exactly—on his knees," said tom, " that's the attitude he most affects. i caught him atit again yesterday. his girl—his own particular girl—was bitting on a rock when that gaby came along. down on his knees be plopped, put his head in her lap, and said—oh some rot or other, i didn't notice what i w^ beuud the rock looking out for him, so i just let out a yell, and my wo^^ji^lpiljjr lunbjp,"   "thomas," said miss popbam severely, "you really use shocking language, and your conduct is most improper."   "well now, aunt," said tom aggrieved, "that's just what i say about   them. their conduct is really most improper, spooning on the beach in that way, and i do everything in my power to correct them. i'm sure i can't do more. as for language, you just ought to have heard him. he jnmped up, shook the sand off his pants, shook his fist at me, and shouted,   i'll hair murder you, you young blackguard, when i catch you.' what do yon think of that now ? nice language, eh ?   "tom,"eaid dearlie, "it was quite excusable. you really oughtn't to behave like that seriously, i think it is very wrong."   " oh yes. of course, i darebny, you've a iellow feeling for them. i suppose you and charlie dalrymple cany on in exactly the same way. don't let me catch you at it, though, that's all."   " i—i—i,"stammered dearlie, crimson to the roots of her hair. "tom, how dare you? how dare you say. such a stupid, such a wicked thing?" and miles heard her stamp her little foot on the uncarpeted floor.   miss popham came to the rescue.   " thomas," she said, " hold your tongue. if you can't let your eisfer atone you mny spend the day in yonr own room. keziah, don't be so ridiculous. 1 here's nothing to cry about," for dearlie was furtively endeavouring to get rid of a tear which she hoped no one had noticed. " you can't expect the hoy   to be blind." •   " but—but—there's nothing to see," said dearlie with an effort to keep her voice steady that brought the tears into her eyes again.   "a" right, dear," eaid tom consolingly. " you're not a bad old thine, ond i don't want to tease you. but i s:iy now, let's start as soon as we can. who's coming? are you, aunt?"   ..." my (iear) no. it's too far for me. there'll be keziah and you ond winifred, and the two little boys, that'll be all. katherine had better stay   with me. she really is too small to go."   "yes, and mr. dun lop—you'll come, won't you? yon said you would last nighf, you know."   miles paused before answering. he wondered if this pretty girl beside him were really so taken up with young dalrymple as her brother seemed to   think. if she were—   and as he hesitated, dearlie thinking he did not like to come on tom's invitation alone, raised her face shyly, and said,   " do come. if you don't despise a children's picnic, that is."   " despise it ? oh no, i'll be delighted if only you'll have me." hut mis9 popham looked doubtful.   " well really," she began, " i only meant it for a family picnic, but "   " but you'll let me go to take care of them," said dunlop boldly. " there are all the provisions to carry, and they'll be too much for mibb dearlie and   the younger ones."   she hardly liked it, be saw, but the day was hot. she was not inclined to go herself, and so at last tom wrung a halt reluctant invitation for his friend, an invitation which miles accepted, and called himself a fool lor his   pain*.   " we'll start at once," baid tom. but the impedimenta for even so small and unassuming a picnic took some time getting together, and it was 10 o'clock beiore they were'fairly on their way.   very hot and uninviting looked the white limestone road that stretched up the hill past dr. o'hea's and oh towards the quarantine station, and the ti-tree on either side was white with dust after the wind of yesterday. but the young nairns heeded this but little, and raced in and out of the bushes in a way that threatened setions damage, as their sister reminded them more than once, to the eatables they carried. dunlop and dearlie walked along spberly enough, quite content with each other's society. indeed the only pity was miles could not know that it was. bis presence lent a charm for dearlie to this impromptu picnic, even ;as it was for her sake that he had come, a fact which she was beginning more than half to suspect but it is not given us to read one another's thoughts, even the thoughts of thobe we love best, and perhaps it is well that it is no, for for once that such a power would give pleasure, twenty times it would give pain. and so for want of this power, lor want of a little boldness and sell-confidence on his part dunlop walked along beside his companion all unconscious that it was his presence gave gladness to her day—that the sun was not too hot—the road not too steep—the sand not too heavy—the way not too long—simply be cause he was beside her. to her girlish fancy he was a veritable hero of romance. the shot-marked face which he fancied she must needs shrink from called forth all her pity and tenderness. there is an element of protecting tenderness in all true women's love, and dearlie, though she did not analyse her feelings for herself, loved the man beside her twenty times more because bhe was so intensely sorry for hitn. the seventeen years that stretched between them, and that looked to him so terrible a gulf, were to her an added charm. this was no commonplace young man, who paid her foolish compliments, and showed ber he was thoroughly content with both himself and her. he was a man of the world, this stranger who had come into her life ; a man who had travelled far and wide, who had seen strange sights and strange peoples, whe had mixed with all sorts and conditions of men, who had, presumably, seen many fair women, and yet who seemed more than content to walk beside her, a simple australian girl with no particular charm of face or manner to recommend her. miles dunlop paid ber no compliments, only the one great compliment which a girl values more than all, did men but know it—the compliment of talking to her earnestly and seriously as if bhe were his equai in mind. aud dearlie did appreciate it; and as she listened and answered him, and sometimes halt shyly ventured on an opinion of her own, she thought that nowhere in all the wide world was there tliib man's equal. up till now not even to herself had she acknowledged she was in love, hardly even had she been aware of the fact, so gradually, so imperceptibly, had love grown out of the friendship that had sprung up from the very first between them ; but now—now, surely, she was not wrong in being so glad to be with him. surely it was not wrong to love him, for bureiy he loved her in his turn. she felt it in the touch of his hand, in the sound of bis voice, in the subtle deference and tenderness of his manner ; she felt it and wab supremely glad. he had spoken no word of love, it was true, but she wanted none for the present. she wanted to get accustomed to her new happinesb, and was utterly content   at the quarantine station they stopped and filled their billy with water from the well, tor, as everyone knows, water is scarce along the coast and they knew they could get no more unlees they walked right down to the fort at point nepean. dismal and deserted looked the tall limestone quarantine buildings, and the children ran along the verandahs and peeped in ai the long, btaring, blindless windows ana shouted at the top of their voices in order to have the pleasure of hearing the echo repeat their words.   " well, upon my word," said tom, it wouldn't be half bad to be in   there's the echo"—and he gave a loud "whoop i" and listened as the hills llung the eound back again.   " well, really, tom}'.' said dearlie, " i never beard of an echo as an attrac tion before, and to be cooped up in one of those desolate houses—oh! dear, 1 shouldn't like it, should you ?" turning to dunlop.   "well, i don't know. under certain circumstances, you see, it mightn't be bad. it would depend on whom one's companions were. with some, now " and though he didn't complete the sentence, dearlie felt that with him for a companion even a residence in the quarantine buildings would be bearable. at the door of the little telegraph office stood the telegraph operator, a young fellow who found time hang rather heavily on his hands, and was therefore very anxious that they should visit his little domicile and let bim make tbem some tea. he amused dunlop by his very evident ad miration for dearlie, but she crushed him promptly, cruelly deciding tbey bad no time, and so tbey went down the long uncomfortable flight of steps that led to the beach, and walked along the damp hard sand that the tide had laid bare. past the cattle quarantine station, past the long pier that stretched out into the bay, round this point and that little inlet, they walked fill there seemed only one long stretch of sand between them and point nepean itself. deepest, darkest blue was the sky; deepest, darkest blue the ses. the gale of yesterday had passed away, and the wavelets that broke in whitest foam at their feet were very baby waves, just imitating, on a small scale, the great " white horses " they could eee breaking m clouds of toam and spray out in the bip.   •'here's the path the soldiers made," said tom at last, flinging himself down at the footot the cliff with a sigh, " and thank goodness. 1 m really   f1.! fpfi . "   "nonbente," said dearlie. "i can't believe we've got here so qn«,cno* idotewy not,"growled tom, "when you've only got yourself to carry. i guess mr. dunlop could tell a different tale. v hat a mean trick to let bim carry all your things. jubt like a girl.   " now, thats mean of you, tom," protested winny, to say it a like a girl. i've carried mine all the way."   i don't think i'd like   t°and deftrliefth'nkinfi'of'he'new aweeth.ppinesa tbatwm juat da»ni»g   for ber, answered most truthfully—   || qj. | ii   ten minutes' walk over the steep ridge that divides the shoreb of port phillip from those of bass straits brought them to thehttle rock-bound bay where, on that stormy night not three months before, a good ship bad wane to her destruction and so many souls had perished. i lie steep stern focka stretohed out their arms on either side, and right away from the beach stretched a long shelving platform of rock left bare by the ebbing tide and covered only by the long slippery green seaweed, liigbt at the end of this platform, separated only by a narrow strip of deep water, which however, was not apparent to the onlookers from the cliffs above, was all that remained of tbe good ship cheviot only her wheel and part of her hull red now with rubt, remained, looking pitiful and forlorn in the hrijht sunlight while right up to the foot of the cliff the beach was btrewn wit n wreckage.' everything that could by any possibility be counted of use had long beo been taken away, but even now the sands were covered with snlintered wood aud broken iron, broken cabin fittings, bags of chaff and mildewed flour, and other odds and ends piled high one on top of the 0tthe rhildren cave a shriek of delight as they scrambled down tbe hill « a wi«t a m for exploration ! what wonderful strange treasures sht not the sea have calt sk them i even dearlie, filled with a little   aa« 5 & &   billy at the wreck wood burned with a clear blue flame, and dearlie looked thoughtfully into it as she caretuliy balanced the quart pot on the stonf piece of wood miles bad placed there for that purpose.   "how blue it bnrnbj"she said. " i suppose its because the wood has been in the bea so long. how cruel of us it seems to be enjoying ourselves here: and yet i do feel so happy. it seems like a dream that those peoph* should have died here. oh, dear, i'm afraid i'm very bard-hearted."   " not at all," said duntop. why shonld you grieve for them, poor beggars. they are better dead—some of them. the world is full of such pitiful stories. we can't stop to grieve over them all. i think, miss dearlie, you will find your own troubles enough to bear."   " mine," she laughed, "mine. oh, mine are very little troubles indeed," and at that moment she did feel they were but a feather weight. " but tell. me," she wertt on, "do you think the world is sad? do yon really, and 1 have been trying so bard all my life to think it is a happy world."   "iam very sorry you should have bad to try. i hoped yon had no   troubles."   "well, neither i have," she said, busily unpacking the luncheon basket, and laying out cherries and apricots, cakes and sandwiches, beneath the bhade of a rock, at a convenient distance from the fire. " i don't suppose you'd even call them troubles at all. only we're so poor, you see. i don't know how it is other doctors make a lot of money, but father doean't seem to. and mother is so delicate. it doesn't seem nice of me to grumble, does it. but there are auch a lot of us, and clothes and schooling cost so much, and it's so hard to make both ends meet. why, the butcher's bill alone —it's enough to turn my hair grey. you don't know the delight of getting   away from it for a whole month;" and dearlie, feeling that half her tronbles were gone in the telling, smiled np happily into the kindly face bending over   her.   " poor little girl," he said, "poor little girl; but how about your sister? she doesn't look as it site knew mach about poverty."   " well, no," said dearlie, " because you see she doesn't. she has always lived with aunt pop ever eince she was a little girl. aunt pop'e rich, yon know. at least, she's got £1,000 a year, and that's a lot for two women. she's going to leave it all to helen, too."   " that's rather hard on the rest of you."   " oh, no, not at all. i think she's right. it wouldn't be worth dividing amongst us; and nell's her god-child, you bee, and she's very fond of her. father says aunt pop was every bit as good-looking as helen when she was young. you wouldn't think it now. would you? "   " well, ves, i should. she's a very handsome old lady. perhaps a little hard and stern-looking."   ""she is a little hard on u3 sometimes, i think ; but there, it's very wrong of me to criticise. she's very kind and good. every year she brings us down to the seaside for a month's holiday, and you can't think how we look forward to it and enjoy it this year, i think," she added, looking up half bhyly in his face, " it will be nicer than ever."   it was on the tip of his tongue to ask if he had anything to do with her pleasure, but the thought of charlie dalrymple and tom's conversation of the morning restrained him, and again he told himself he was an old fool. this bright-eyed girl, who was chatting away to him so confidentially, only did so because she thought him a middle-aged mau. it was young dalrymple's presence mode it " nicer than ever " for her. half awkwardiy he answered her.   "nicer than ever," he repeated. "how's that? are the butcher's bills worse this year than usual ?"   dearlie laughed.   " not much, i think. only we are all growing older, and everything costs more—clothes especially. do yon know," sinking her voice to an awe struck whisper, "i often think i'm very wicked, but i really can't help feeling thankful sometimes that all of us didn't grow up. there were two babies died between nell and uie, and two between me and tom, and another after winny. poor mother; the teare come into her eyes when she thinks of them. she beems to want those dead babies ever so much more ihan she wants the rest of ub : but i must be keard-bearted, i'm afraid, for i always think whatever should i do if there were eleven of us instead of   six."   " poor little girl," said miles again. " i know it must be hard work." but dearlie was struck with bud len compunction.   " how horrid i am; how horrid. indeed, i am very happy. i was only thinking this morning i was one of the happiest girls in the world."       chapter v a delicate operation.   chapter v.   a delicate operation.   " there's many a slip 'twist the cup and the lip."—old proverb.   they had been so engrossed in their own conversation that they bad paid no heed to the four younger ones, who had strolled off over the seaweed covered rocks, and were r enrolling in the holes for reels of cotton and snch   like relics of the ill-fated cheviot. the holes were deep—seme of them deeper than they looked, bnt they had a great fascination for the children, who, with a long pole, stirred up the seaweed that grew in them and searched beneath it '.vinny admired immensely the pretty sea-gardens with their sandy bottoms and crystal clear water, in which the seaweed—pink and coral and cream and red and all shades of green—showed off to each advantage ; but the boys had not as yet cultivated a taste for the beautifnl, and stirred up the pretty sea-gardens without compunction.   " oh, crumbs i say win," said tom, moving aside a long feathery branch with his pole, " there's a little bottie down there. hold on to this, and i'll   have it in a jiff."   winny took the pole, and tom lay flat on his face on the rock and stretched his arm down into the water, regardless ot the fact that his shirt bleeve was getting abominably wet; bis coat be bad long ago discarded, and left behind in dearlie's charge, lie stretched as far as he could, bnt still the little bottle was just beyond his reach.   " very near that time, tom," said arthur. " lean over a bit more, and frank an' i'll hang on to your legs."   " don't yon do anything of the sort," ordered tom. "stick the pole in again, win ; a little more out there ; jam him against that limpet; he'll hold on like grim death, and i can hang on to the pole with one hand."   winny did as she was told, and tom leant over still more and groped for the coveted prize. whether that limpet resented his house being made a stay of will never be known, for in the disaster which followed be was utterly demolished ; bat certain it is the limpet gave way, the pole slipped on to him and crushed him, and tom, without any warning, lost his balance and fell head over heels into the still quiet pool. winny shrieked in terror, and her younger brothers, seeing she was frightened, howled at the top ol their voices—a howl whicn broke in on' their elders' conversation and filled dearlie's heart with a horrible dread. she gathered up her skirts and flew down across the slippery rocks, pausing not a moment to choose her path ; hut dunlop was quicker, and when bbe arrived, breathless and pant:ng, he was just hauling out tom, gasping and bpluttering, and dripping like a   drowned rat.   " the confounded hole was deeper than i thought," he gasped. " 1 thought i was done for."   " you really ought to be careful," said miles, reprovingly. " you frightened your sibters. there, miss dearlie, don't look so terrified ; he's all right, and a ducking won't harm him on a hot day like this."   " it's spoilt bis trousers though, i think," said winny, who thoroughly appreciated the family economies.   " oh, that doesn't matter," said dearlie; " luckily they're old and tom hitched up his dipping garments and looked down at them as if he were   somewhat doubtful of their identity."   " why, tom," said dearlie, " why, tom . ob, tom, you don't mean to say you've got your best trousers on."   tom muttered something sulkily between his teeth about his not having another decent pair to wear.   " oh. dear," remonstrated dearlie, "how unkind you are; as if any sort of clothes weren't good enough to tumble into the sea in. i'm afraid you'll have to go shabby now for the rest ot the summer."   miles was surprised to find dearlie taking iter brother's escapade so mnch to heart, and she, perhaps, read his thoughts. " i told yon we were horribly poor," ehe said, as they went slowly back to luncheon, "and yon see now how unromantic it is when poverty comes to be applied. the worst of it is, mother's sure to think it's my fault. ' why can't yon look after them ?' she'll say. she never seems to know that tom ipill consider himself a man, and sits on me if i interfere. don't langh at my small troubles if you can help it here we are, and the billy boiling, too. give me that packet, please, and i'll show you how to make billy tea."   it was a merry little luncheon party, and when the tea w&a; all drank winny and the boys produced their pocket-handkerchiefs full of the big warreners that abound on the coast, and proceeded to boil them in a biliyiul of salt water. miles could not be persuaded to touch the slimy, green, uninviting- looking snails, that were withdrawn from their domiciles by the aid of dearlie's hat-pine, and eagerly devoured by the young   nairns.   "englishmen are so fastidious," laughed dearlie. "you thought yon couldn't drink hilly tea, and yet you liked it after all. i suppose you never went to such a rough-and-tumble picnic before."   "1 never enjoyed myself more," he said, earnestly, "never," and he saw her fair face flush at the implied compliment,   the children wandered off again and resnmed their researches among the rocks and pools, sometimes up to their waists in water, for the tide was rapidly coming in, and soon the wreck of the cheviot was only visible every now and again amidst the clonds of white spray that enveloped it donlop found a comfortable shady spot beneath a rock for dearlie, where bhe could survey nearly all the beacb, and could keep on eye on her young charges, and then flung himself down on the sand bebide her.   " may i lie betel" he asked.   "why, of course," she answered, " but don't you want to bmoke f* ; » " no, not know. i'd rather talk to you."   " but you can talk to me and smoke, too. i don't mind."   "lam content more than content i shall just lie here and looka| yom*   oearlie bmiled, well pleased, and spread out her pink cotton skirts.   " your hair will get full of sand," she said ; ' take my jacket, unless you prefer that towel tom brought. 1 don't think it's very wet now."   "tom's towel versus your pretty jacket. come now, miss dearlie, how do you think there could be any choice ?" said he, accepting the invitation   with alacrity.   "ob, dear!" she said, "i wonder if i oughtn't to have asked you. i suppose an english girl wouldn't. however, it's much more comfortable, isn't it; and as i'm not english, you must make up your mind to put up with my eccentricities, and talk to me, and entertain me ?"   "eccentricities," he murmured; "do you know how charming your eccentricities are?" and he just touched lightly the little hands.that lay   '   [ dripping like a drowned rat.—chap. v.   spread in ber lap. sorely he was tempted, as he looked up at the fair face - beneath the big shady hat, to put bis fate to the touch, and bettle the vexed question once for all. but then she was so young and fair, he felt old and worn beside her. he had so little to offer, and suppose—suppose she should say " no." and then their present friendly intercourse, which had been to him bo sweet and pleasant a thing, would be utterly bpoiled. ho, he dared not risk it, and he sighed so heavily that deariie looked down and aaked him what was the matter.   " nothing, nothing. i sighed over the general unsatisfactoriness of life, 1 suppose."   "i'm sorry you find it unsatisfactory," she said. "you seem to me to have had such nice times. you don't know how i like hearing you talk about all the places you have seen. it's ever bo much better than a   book."   it was a doubtful sort of compliment, dunlop thonght, half sadly, but he felt she did not mean it in that way, and exerted himself to entertain her, not that it required much exertion, for deariie listened with such wrapt attention to whatever he said, and he found such pleasure in talking to her and watching ber, that the shadows grew long and the tide had quite covered the platform of rock before either of them thought of anything beyond their two selves. it suddenly dawned on deariie that she did not hear the children's voices, and that she had not beard them for some   time.   " oh !" she said, " mr. dunlop, i quite forget the children. i hope they're   in no mischief. i must go and look." and as he half reluctantly moved { his head bhe rose to her feet and shook the sand out of ber skirts.   "i'll go round the point and see if they're there," she said, moving off, a little surprised that he did not offer to accompany her. but as he did not, she went by herself, and rounding a cliff there came upon ber brothers and bibter, very wet, and supremely happy, busily engaged in building a bonfire of wreck-wood against the face of the rock.   "we're shipwrecked mariners," called out tom, who had comfortably forgotten the incident of bis trousers, and was now piling planks together as if his life did in reality depend upon it " we're shipwrecked mariners, and we can't find a drop of water on these coasts, though there's rasbings of shell-fish. see that cutter over there ? we're making a smoke to attract her attention."   ' and if she comes to your aid she'll be dashed to pieces in the breakers,"   said'dearlie.   "oh, no, they'll heave to and send off a boat, and if it can't get in we'll be able to swim out to it, or perhaps they'll heave us a rope. there must be bome way, you know."   deariie agreed, but declared she thought it was time these^ shipwrecked sailors began to think of wending their way homewards.   *'oh i no, no," chorused the young nairns ; " we haven't made a smoke yet don't be in such a hurry, deariie. goodness knows when we'll be here again."   that there was no denying, so after a parting injunction not to set the scrub on fire their sister left them with a promise that she would wait half qn hour more.   on her return she was surprised to find dunlop seated exactly as she had left him, with his handkerchief up to his face.   "why, mr. dunlop," she said, "what's the matter?"   "the matter," he laughed, still with his face covered. "oh 1 i've got some sand in my eye, and it's a little painful. that's all. you see, having only one makes it awkward."   " oh dear i and i did it, i know i did, when i jumped up in such a hurry and bhook my dress just now. mr. dunlop, i am so sorry. what can i do to help yon ?"   "nothing but lend your hand to lead the blind man bome."   " don't," she said ; " don't talk like that does it hurt much ? i know it does. don't rub it; don't rub it you're only making matters worse. shut your eyes and let the tears wash it away."   "i've tried that," said' miles dismally, "and it's no good. it seemb absurd to make a fuss about such a trifle, but really, mibs deariie, what shall i do ? it's an awful predicament"   "a trifle do yon call it? i don't and it's very painful, i know. salt water wouldn't hurt it, would it ? i'll fill the billy, and we must try and   wash it out"   but no amount of water seemed to have any effect on that obstinate grain of sand. miles buried his face in his handkerchief, wringing wet now, and sighed dolefully; and deariie, in despair, put. her hand lightly on his shoulder by way of consoling him.   • " you must let me try now," she said. "i can turn back the lid, i think, and take it out with the.,corner of my pocket handkerchief. lift up your . lace and let metry.","   " i've tried that."   "no, you didn't. you only pulled one eyelid over the other, and that's evidently no good. you're worse than one of the children. be good, now,   and let me try."   a long course of experiencedn a household where the mother was too delicate to attend to childish ailments, and consequently all the domestic surgery and troubles incident thereto fell on her daughter's youthful shoulders, had taught dearlie to use her fingers deftly and skilfully ; and as dunlop still demurred, she put her hand under his chin and gently turned   his face up to hers.   "you mubt let me," she said. "your eye is getting quite inflamed. there, now, don't shrink away; it won't take a minute." and she turned up his eyelid and drew the corner of her handkerchief, tightly screwed up into a point, across his eyeball.   "there, there," she said triumphantly, as he covered his face again, " now it'll be all right. see, the sand's on my handkerchief, and a big bit too. did i hurt you very much? i hope not i couldn't help hurting a little, and it was all my fault at first i am so sorry."   it was delightful to have her bending over him ; delightful to feel her cool finger-lips on his face. it made the blood go racing through his veins, and his heart beat till he almost fancied she must hear it   "are you sure it's all right?" bhe asked a little anxiously, as he made no   answer.   he stooped and caught her hand, and raised her long slim fingers to his   lips.   "clever little girl, dear little girl. where did these soft little hands learn to be so skilful ?" then, as he felt her band tremble in his, he clasped it   closer for a moment and added—   "i hope you didn't mind very much stooping over such a hideous   face."   "i—i—oh ! mr. dunlop." there were tears in dearlie's voice, and he :eit her soft baud drawn gently—he had almost thought tenderly—down ais scarred face. " if you knew, if you ouly knew, how sorry i am."   he put his hand out and touched her dress as she stood close beside   him.   "my darling, my darling," he said, scarcely above a whisper, and yet bhe heard him ; " is it possible that "   how is it that young brothers add bisters have such an unconscionable way of appearing just when they are least wanted ? all the long afternoon the young nairns had kept religiously away, and nothing had passed that all the world might not have seen and heard ; but now, when dunlop would have given almost anything for just another five minutes with dearlie alone here they came racing round the corner, shouting at the top of their   voices.   "ahoy ! ahoy ! dearlie ahoy!" yelled tom, like a young demon miles thought. " the cutter saw us, and is coming in like blazes."   dearlie drew her hand away, and dunlop sat upright promptly.   "we're all saved," went on tom, unconscious of the anathemas that were being hurled at his devoted head. " we're all saved, and hallo !   ivhai's the matter?"   "nothing much," said dunlop, rising. "i got some sand in my eye, and rour sister has been taking it out for me."   "oh ! dearlie's awfully good at that," said winnie, hanging affectionately on her sister's arm. "did she do it well, mr. dunlop? why, look how pour hand's shaking. what's the matter, dear?"   "of course it shakes, you gawk," said tom, "when you bang yourself on ber like that. ten stone's no joke to lug about. now, you'll have to have four eye tied up. at least, that's what dearlie did to me last week."   dearlie was half afraid to speak. dunlop's tender words bad so stirred her she almost fancied her thoughts must be written on her face, and trembled at opening her lips lest her voice should betray her. but it had to be done, bo she answered tom's last remark.   " yes, indeed ; tom's quite right. your eye is too much inflamed to hear the bright sunlight you must let me tie thib over it" and she took the pink silk scarf from her neck and began folding it into a bandage.   they were standing alone at the eall end of the verandah."—chap. il   > but," he protested, " i shan't be able to aee. what shall i dor   <0h ! yes yon will, a little, under the bandage ; and—and " she heeitated, and then went on bravely—" you mubt not despise my arm. i'll   take care of you going home."   despise it," he began, as she put the handkerchief over his eyes, and with hands that he felt trembled, tied it there, but the presence of her young brothers and sisters restrained him, and dearly as he loved her, ardently as he mightdeaire their absence, he knew that his opportunity was gone for the present, and could only hope that in their close proximity on the road home he might have another chance. in reality he found, now that the bright sunlight wae bhut out, that he could aee quite well, but not for worlds would he have owned such a thing. the delight of having dearlie'slittle hand on his arm, of hearing her soft voice direct and guide him, was not to be so lightly foregone. so he sat still while the others collected their luncheon baskets and the various odds and ends which the children con sidered they really needed as mementoes of their visit to the wreck, and taking up a basket as his share of the load, quietly drew dearlie'e arm through his as of right, and announc^l that he was quite ready to start. but the stars in their courses fought against birn that day. it was flood-tide now and ail thought of going back by the way they came was out of the question of necessity they had to take the road through the scrub, a mere track winding its way at the bottom of the gullies, ankle deep in heavy black sand the thick ecrub, which was high over their headb, formed an im penetrable barrier through which not the faintest breath of wind forced its way the heat, therefore, was fairly stifling, and the younger members of the party, tired already with their long day's play, were cross and fretful, and by no means relished the thought of the long walk still before them. arthur and frank inatead of running on ahead, as they had done in the morning, fought fiercely for the right to hold their sister's hand, and keptse close beside her. dunlop soon found to his mortification that all chance of private conversation waa gone. he had to content himself with pressing the ungloved band,which lay so contentedly on his arm against his side when ever the opportunity offered, and since it sent a thrill through his veins to see the sweet, shy look in her eyes, and the bright colour that flushed her cheeks, he found the opportunity occurred pretty often. about half-way a break in the hills let in the cool sea-breeze, and so tbey rested there for a quarter of an hoar, flinging themselves down on the black sand, utterly re gardless now of clothes, though careful dearlie did murmur with a sigh that if the water hadn't quite spoiled tom's trousers, she was pretty sure the black band would finish them off entirely ; but the young gentleman merely exhorted his sister "to shut np, and let those blessed panto alone. it was bad enough to be wet and sandy and uncomfortable without having her nagging at a fellow," and began a frantic search through the basket he   carried.   ' what are yon looking for. tom ?" asked dearlie anxiously. " i hops to goodness we haven't left anything behind."   " it my line—my new fishing line. arthur," with sudden remembrance, i left it by that big hole where we aaw the crayfish and i told you to bring it along. what did you do with it?"   • i j don't know, tom," faltered the child   'you young beggar," cried tom, in what he felt was righteous wrath, seizing his brother's arm. " if you left it there, i'u-l'll-why that line cost two shillings, i'll bet, without the sinker.'   arthur fully realising the situation, for shillings were not over plentiful in the nairn family, began to sob, and started, tired as he was, to go back for   it   dunlop stopped him.   " why, my lad," he said kindly, " it wouldn't be any good. the water's six feet deep over those rocks by now. never mind, don't cry, and i'll give   tom another."   " well, you are a trump," cried tom, and arthur wiped away bib tears on   the spot   " arthur, bay, 'thank you," said dearlie. "and now i think we had better go on again. we're sure to be late as it is.       chapter vi the dance in the pavilion.   chapter vi.   the dance in the pavilion.   <• jealousy is cruel as the grave : ths ooalsthsreo! me coals o! fire which hath amost   vehement flame."—solomon.   opposite the lonsdale was an enclosed piece of land, where the scrub had been partially cleared, and occasional pine trees planted, and here was   built a large wooden pavilion with a floor laid for dancing. it somewhat resembled an overgrown sommer-house, for it was octagonal in shape, and the walls, in which there were three or four doors, or rather openings, for doors were only boarded to a height of six teet or so, the upper part being of trellis work, np which in the future it was hoped creepers would grow, though at present they were conspicuous by their absence.   on the evening of the day on which the young nairns went for their pic nic, the people staying at the hotel had unanimously decided to have a dance, and the returning picnickers found the whole place in a bustle of excitement and preparation. at first miss popham had beld herself aloof. she did not like hotel dances she would not let her nieces go to dance with any one who might ask them, and the fiat had bternly gone forth that they were not to approach the pavilion.   by-and-by, however, her views began to change. mrs. crawford, the jolly little wife of an up-country doctor, saw no reason why her dau hters bhould not go, and she had even offered her own services as musician.   " my dear," she baid, "let the girls come, snd the children too, for that matter. ah the people here are very decent, respectable folk. the people from the quarantine station are coming, to say nothing of dr. o'heaand that young fellow with them. what the king of portsea approves mubt be right so let the girls come. they need only dance with ourjown set, and if you come yourself, you can look after them."   helen came in at this stage, and rather to her aunt's astonishment, ex pressed an ardent desire to take part in the dance.   " why, helen," she said, " you—why i thought you were tired of going out i'm sure you made fuss enough about going to the government-house ball, and said you'd never go to another."   it was rather helen's way to make a fuss. she liked to be persuaded to take the thing she was longing for, and it was something new for her to be pleading. bat there was no help for it this time.   charlie dalrymple was coming. see him she felt she mast   ordinarily dearlie would have asked for both of them, and then exerted all her powers of per suasion to make her sister see how much she would enjoy herself, but this evening there was no hope of that dearlie was a little tired with her long walk, and bo calmly and contentedly happy—so certain her aunt must be right what ever her decision—that helen could have shaken her, and finally went off and joined forces with mrs. crawford, who, greatly to her relief, ably   backed her.   " i can't see what you want to go for, helen," said her aunt again; " i'm bure you get plenty of dances."   " oh, i'm sick of melbourne dances, bat this is different just a white morning frock and no bother about dressing. besides, dearlie doesn't get many dances. poor dearlie,-yon might let her have some fun."   annt pop began visibly to waver, and finally gave in altogether.   "poor child," she said, "that's true enough ; and charlie dalrymple coming, too." helen winced, but said nothing. " naturally she wants to be there. very well, helen, yon may go if you wish. i wonder if keziah's got a clean white dress."   dearlie had a clean white dress, and when her sister told her that her aunt had relented, evinced considerable interest in getting it out and, in feminine parlance, "doing it up" with pink ribbons. helen was ready first, and coming into the bedroom which dearlie shared with her two younger bisters flung herself down on the bed and criticised her bister's toilet   "well, really," she said, condescendingly, "you look very nice, dear. who'd have thought pink would have suited a fair girl so well ? and now, who is all this splendour for? charlie dalrymple ? "   "charlie dalrymple? why, nell, he's your admirer !"   "well, who's it for? surely not 'that queer faced old buffer,' as charlie calls your friend, mr. dunlop?"   "nellie, nellie," implored dearlie, with a ring of pain she conld not control in her voice, " bow can you be so cruel ?"   " then it is ' the qneer-faced old buffer,'" said miss nairn, triumphantly. "i wanted to be sure of that come along, dearlie," she added, more kindly, getting up and putting her hand through her sister's arm. "it's about time, i think, we went down. i see a mighty stream wending its way to the pavilion. come along and let's find auntie."   the pavilion was lighted with oil lamps and candles. all portsea seemed to have assembled there, while even the fisher folk hung over the fence of the enclosure and peeped oat from among the scrub. the night was clear, star light, hot, and still the waters of the bay washing upon the sandy beach made but a gentle   sighing sonnd, while over the hills behind came   il. j— tk. il. —   iuc uccp luauuk ui iuc aiui uu vuc uixau ucav;u>   "listen to the sound of the sea, auntie,"said dearlie. "how plainly we can hear u to-night, and yet it is so still. there's not a breath of   wind."   "that's jnst the reason why, hiss dearlie,"said miles dnnlop'd voice at her side. " have yon been to the back beach by night ? no ? well, we must take yon some evening. yon ought to see it by moonlight yon'd like it, i'm sure. it most be splendid. and now, are yon going to give me a dance ? how many may i have?"   dearlie looked np shyly. it was a pity that the starlight was not bright enough to ahow bim the ahy happiness in her blue eyes, which would surely have set all doubts in his mind at rest for ever. as it was be could only hear her answer, and even then, if love had not closed bis ears, be must have heard the gladness in her voice—   " indeed, you shall have aa many sa you please."   " this one?" said charlie dalrymple, interrupting. dearlie felt she could have borne with equanimity his removal to another sphere if only it oould have been accomplished there and then. " this one is mine. you know you promised me at the doctor's isst night if they got up a dance here that i should have the first waits."   " but this isn't the first," protested dearlie, feebly. " tbere've been two dances already."   " i've only just come, and yon've only jnst come, so it's our first. come, dearlie ; you're not going to throw me over, surely."   dearlie ati|l seemed reluctant* and if only dunlop had given her the faintest sign that be wanted bershe would have danced with him gladly and not given another thought to jroung dalrymple, but he did not alfea'dy the demon jealousy," which solomon of old declared is cruel as the grave, was tugging at his heart strings and whispering in . his ear, telling him that this man had youth, wealth, good looks—everything, in fact, that tnakei| nfe worth living. if was only natural that a girl should prefer to dance with him. had she not'made arrangements to that effect the night before? all bar. gentle tenderness of the afternoon.wae forgotten ;or but remembered to add intensity to the bitterness with which he said—   " indeed, miss nairn, i have no wish to stand in the way. i quite admit the prior claim," and he said it bo coldly that dearlie felt without under standing that something had gone wrong; some dark- shadow had clouded the sunshine of her happiness. dalrymple kept urging her to begin, but she paused another moment, making one more effort to bring things back to their original footing. she could not, bhe felt, leave dunlop with those cold tones ringing in her ears.   "but our dances," she faltered, growing hot all over, as she felt bhe might be offering herself to a man who wanted none of her. "our dances. there—there are no programmes, you know."   dunlop had been deaf to the ring of gladness in her voice when she offered him as many dances as he pleased, but he failed not to notice the constraint —constraint caused by his own manner, and he thought—   " does she want to get out of that offer? well, i will not bind her." so   he answered—   "i will come for my dance later on, if you will let me," and with that dearlie had to be content, for someone inside struck up a waltz, end dalrymple carried off his unwilling partner.   helen stood by, a much-chagrined spectator of the little scene. it was a new experience for her to find dearlie preferred before her, but she, like the proverbial looker-on, saw exactly how the land lay, and determined, quite as much for her own sake as for his, to show dunlop what a mistake he was making. she fully expected, now that dearlie was gone, that he would come over and ask her to dance. but, to her vexation, he did no each thing. apparently oblivious of her very existence, he turned his back on her and, leaning against the side of the pavilion, seemed buried in bis   own thoughts.   " well," said miss nairn to herself, not best pleased, " this is certainly qnite a new experience. now, shall i speak to this fool or shall i go in to   auntie? "   she paused a moment, and as bhe hesitated a young fellow appeared in the doorway and saw her.   " miss nairn," he said. " miss nairn, by jove i am in luck if you'll give   me this dance."   " with pleasure," she said, taking his arm and going inside, and dunlop   lost hia chance of happiness for that night, as we all lose chances, simply by perversely taming away, though they be just within our grasp. scarcely bad dearlie left him when his mood changed.   " dear little girl," he thought. " dear tittle girl. why, after all, how could bhe have done otherwise, and surely, surely she cared for him. how sweet, how tender she had been that very afternoon. the sweetest woman in the world. and if he had'only pressed it, would she not have danced with him rather than with young dalrymple? would she not rather have danced with him? had she not always been sweet and winsome ever since   he had known her ?"   the waltz inside went steadily on, an appropriate accompaniment to bis thoughts. clear young voices took up the refrain, and it rose and fell on   the summer night air.   " tell ber i love her so—i love her so."   "my darling," said dunlop to himself, "and so i will tell you myself bftore i am half an hour older. i'll go tor you as soon as ever this dance is   over."   he had just decided to go inside so as to be ready to intercept dearlie and her partner, when the sound of her name arrested his attention. he had been conscious of a murmur of voices close bebide him all along, but had been too occupied with bis own thoughts to notice what was being baid. now, however, he realised the voices belonged to miss popham and mrs. crawford, who were seated on the benqh that ran round the inside of the building. only the boards of the wall separated them from bim, and the open trellis work above made every word of their conversation as distinct as if addressed to him personally. for a moment he hesitated about playing eavesdropper, and then laughed at his punctiliousness. they knew as well as be did that every word they said must be distinctly audible outside and the conversation he had overheard was certainly of a most trivial nature.   they were discussing the relative merits of miss popham's two nieces, and dnnlop, amused and interested, decided to si&y; where he was.   " miss nairn is certainly very handsome," said tllrs. crawford—very -few oi helen's feminine acquaintances ever called tier by her christian name   —" but to my mind there ie something ten times more lovable in dearlie. what a winsome girlish face it is >"   " right you are. you're a brick, mrs. crawford," thought their nnseen   auditor. '   . " pooh 1" said miss popham. " keziah's is just a girlish prettiness—lov able and bweet. well, yes, so she is ; but there is nothing else in her face, while helen is really handsome, and will be handsome at 70. she looks like a queen, and wsb born to rule."   " h'm, but then you see one or two queens are quite enough in the world at a time, and the majority of folks don't want one of those who were born to rule on the premises. no, give me dearlie. but why do you always call   her keziah?"   " because it's her name, and i hate those foolish nursery nicknames. it her parents don't think keziah good enough, why did they call her so. dearlie, indeed ! the foolishness of the name makes me croes whenever i   think of it."   " well, now ; and i just think it suits her splendidly. she's a dear little thing; just the sort of wife i'd choose if i were a man."   "i think i may tell you in confidence someone has already chosen her." "who? that one-eyed mr. dnnlop."   the listener outside gave such a perceptible start that the frail wall shook but the two women paid no attention.   "mr. dnnlop," said miss popham, in crnelly clear tones. "no, of course not. why, he must be forty at least; old enough to be her father "—the listener thought bitterly of the proverb that applied so well to himself— " and just look at his face 1"   " one side's very good-looking—extremely handsome i may say," put in good- natured mrs. crawford.   "yes, but the other. why, a girl could never bear to sit opposite that for the rest of her life. and he knows it, too. of course he knows it i'm convinced he has never dreamt of dearlie. he likes her in a fatherly way, as is only natural. nothing more."   " but—but—the montgomerya were telling me," said mrs. crawford, loth to give np her idea, "that they thought dearlie quite smitten when she was   with them."   'what otter nonsense n eonle do talk. it iust   goes to show they don't understand dearlie. she's a soft-hearted little thing, and i expect believes mr. danlop feels his misfortune keenly, so probably goes much further than she other wise would to show her sorrow and sympathy, but—love him—tut, tut. well, people are foolish. she looks on him as an elderly friend—thinks of him as years older than himself—looks on him as a father, in fact."   " well, who do you mean, then?" asked mrs. crawford, regardless of grammar.   " why, charlie dalrymple, of course. anyone can see he's over head and ears in love with her. just look at them now."   there was a momentary pause, while mrs. crawford evidently singled out that particular couple from among the rest of the dancers. then she spoke again.   " well, it does look like it, i must confess; bat to tell you the truth i have always thought him her bister's lover. i'm sure lost winter all melbourne thought so.   "yes," assented miss popham, half reluc tantly. " he was very much in love with helen, but that's nothing. lots of young fellows are that. naturally enough helen didn't care for him ; but with keziah it is different she is not so accustomed to admiration and attention, and i am sure she loves him, though, of course as she's known him all her life, i shouldn't be sur prised if bhe hardly realised it herself yet   " then i suppose we shall hear of the engage ment in a day or two."   " yes, i expect so, or i should not speak so freely. but, of course, this is in confidence. you will not repeat it. i want "   but dunlop felt he bad had enough. not for one moment did it occur to him to doubt the truth of what he had heard. miss popham must know he felt—must be pretty certain, or she never would have spoken bo confidently ; and he walked away with a dull, heavy weariness at his heart that he could hardly explain to himself. down on to the beach he wandered, and up and down the little pier, almost deserted now, he marched, forgetting his engagement with dearlie nairn. he remembered it at length, and laughed bitterly. what did it matter? what could it matter ? she had her young lover. she would never miss him. he wsb old, like a father to her miss popham had said ; and though he had told himself the same thing a dozen times over, he knew now that he had not believed it he never understood clearly how high bis hopes had been till he realised they were blighted for ever. he was no boy, to love and get over it and forget he was not young. he had loved other women and forgotten them, but this he felt instinctively was different this pretty bright-faced girl had crept into his heart before he realised the gulf that lay between them, and even if he might not have her no other woman might fill her place. happy 1 ah 1 he would have made her ten times happier than that young cub she bad chosen. but still, since he was her choice he would endeavour to think well of him. butthe   bight of those two happy together would be more, he felt, than he could bear, and he would go to-morrow. he would see her once again, and wish her every happiness, and then he would go back to melbourne and forget his misery, if he could, in his work. there was only work to look forward to in his life now, he thought—only his work. up and down the little pier be marched —up and down—draining a bitter cup to the very dregs, and paying attention to no one. the half-dozen small boys who sat on the pier-head fishing for the leather- jackets that were attracted by the bright light of the pier-lamp gathered up their lineb and their spoils and went home to bed. the last couple who had preferred the quiet ot the shore to the music and the dancing above had gone. the piano stopped, and all grew quiet and still; yet he kept up his monotonous walk, and took no heed of the time. the night wore on, but still wrapped in his own sad thoughts he marched up and down, up and down. black joe and german charlie, the fishermen, came down and began to prepare their boats and nets for the morning's fishing, and stared in wonder at this stranger who was ont when he might be comfortably in his bed, but he paid no beed to their cheery greeting, and only paused when black joe, curious and bolder than his companion, stood right in front of him and asked for a match. mechanically dunlop searched his pockets, and at last found one, and as he did so his fingers touched the soft silken scarf dearlie had bound round his eyes only that afternoon, gould it be only that afternoon, he wondered ? it seemed ages ago, and he drew it out, and for one moment hesitated as to whether he should fling it into the sea. then he remembered she had given it him in all tenderness and kindness. if he had been a fool she was hardly to be blamed for it. and as he thought of how gently she had drawn her hand across his scarred face he laid the soft silken thing pgainst bis cheek and turned towards the hotel at last. when he arrived there it wsb bolted and barred against him. with infinite difficulty he succeeded in rousing out the waiter.   "it's near morning," he observed in injured tones ; and dnnlop, looking round, saw the first faint streakb in the east that heralded the coming day   then he entered, and, declining the proffered candle, groped his way to his own room, stumbling by the .way over some brooms, a backet, and all the   hoarders' boots, which apparently had been left as a man-trap at the top of the stairs. he made aq exclamation, not lond bnt deep, for let a man's borrow be ever so great he will yet find that the minor ills and everyday aggravations of life haveetill power to trouble and annoy him. and dearlie nairn, lying wide awake in her room opposite, sorrowing over her spoiled evening, striving vainly to think what could nave gone amiss, heard him and wondered if this belated wanderer could possibly be the man she had waited for so anxiously all the evening. but he could not know that that is this way of the world ; and he went to bed for the abort remaining portion of the night, more firmly resolved than ever to leave portaea next   dav.       chapter vii poor dearlie.   chapter vii.   poor dearlie,   "to die and part   is a less evil: but to pirt and live,   there—there's the torment."—lansdownb.   next morning dearlie rose up with a vaguely unhappy feeling, a feeling which ehe half hoped breakfast time would disperse. surely, she thought, she would see miles dunlop at breakfast, and he would take that opportunity to explain his conduct of the night before. so she went down early, and with half- suppressed eagerness began attending to the wants of the children who accompanied ber. every time the door opened her heart beat till it was almost pain to her, but as time passed and she found that he did not come a dull weary pain took the place of the former excitement, and bhe found herself able to answer calmly enough when tom, his mouth full of toast and honey, commented on dunlop's absence.   "he is tired alter our long walk yesterday, i expect," she said.   " and the dance last night alter it," said miss popham. " kezinh, t/oti look rather tired. there are black rings round your eyes. i was afraid it would be too rnucb for you."   " crumbs 1" said tom, " duulop wasn't at the dance. it was too frivolous for a solemn stick like him, you bet. i saw liim marching away as if old nick was after him at a very early stage of the proceedings. he spent the eveniug on the pier, and never came in tiil daylight this morning. nice dissipated old beggar, ain't he?"   " how do you knowasked dearlie.   " moses over there told me. lie said he thought he wab drunk he was so cross, but i don't believe here ! crumbs ! i say, ann, just you drop that honey. we don't often get a nice thing in this blessed pub, hut whed we do we're going to stick to it, you bet"   "thomas f began miss popham warningly.   "hang it all, aunt. then just you tell her to drop the honey. we can eat all that here, audshe can get some more for the other table."   dearlie smiled a little sadly over ber brother's eagerness for the honey. it was not so very long ago that such trifles had made up the bum of her existence, but now—well, now, she simply thought she would give all she bad and a great deal more besides just to find herself and miles dunlop on (be same footing as they had been yesterday afternoon. what was the matter? what could have happened ? she put the question to herself over and over again without being able to find a satisfactory answer ; and she lingered over her breakfast as long as she could in the hope that dunlop might make his appearance even at the eleventh hour.   "cow's tail ! oh cow's tail said arthur in derision, as dearlie still toyed with a piece of bread and boney; and miss popham complained—   "really, keziah, you are a most unnecessary length of time over your breakfast this morning, and there are those ciothes the children wore yesterday to be seen to. i suppose you don't expect me to do it ?''   "no, of course not. pit see to them, auntie," said dearlie, rising wearily •nd going upstairs. if miles dunlop were going to desert her site miglrt as well brush dirty clothes as do anything else. at any other time the array of damp sandy coats and knickerbockers would have appalled her, but now she went steadily through with her work, ending up by visiting tom's room and calmly confiscating all the clothes she could lay her hands on, and though they seriouely interfered with her own comfort—taking up more apace in her room than she could well spare out of the somewhat cramped accommodation provided by a seaside hotel—she decided it was quite neces sary to keep them under her own eye.   helen came in. and laughed at ber sibter for her petty economies, but dearlie only sighed.   " you don't understand, nell," she said. "tom is so dreadfully extrava gant he never thinks. if i only leave him the clothes he has on, he must wear them as long as they hold together decently.''   " well," said llelen, looking contemptuously at two pairs of trousers which dearlie had sponged and bmahe i, and hung over the end of her bed to dry, where they lent a decidedly fishy flavour to the atmosphere. "well i never should hare thought those relics worth saving. look at this," putting her fingers through a rent in the knee. "pah, they make the room unbearable."   " i'll hang them out on the back verandah as soon as people are fairly out of the way, but for tne present they must just stop here. as for relics, well they're ail tom il have this summer, so he'll have to make the best of them."   "ob, dearlie, dearlie. i wouldn't be you for all the world   " you were born with a silver spoon in your moutb, or better still, a fairy godmother. i wasn't, but i can't help that. cume along, and let's go for our bathe."   helen, who was a splendid swimmer, disported herself far out of her depth as if to the manner born, while dearlie. who kept close to the ruined fence, and dared not venture in beyond ber waist, prophesied sharks and jeliy fish, and felt her heart come into her mouth every time a wave hid her sister from her sight.   then, too, winnie and katie, far from sympathising with ber terror, scorned it as only children can scorn, and dearly longed to emulate their elder sister's prowess. it took poor dearlie all her time to preyent these bold little maidens from going out of their depth. she knew she could not rescue them if they did, she very much douoted helen's powers of doing bo, and so she sternly discouraged all feats, and generally succeeded in bpoiling the children's fun quite as much as they spoiled hers. to-day somehow, probably because she was out of spirits, they seemed specially troublesome, and at last winnie in open defiance of all authority, jumped into the hole the water bad w.orn round one of the posts. tne waters closed over her bead tor a moment, and in her terror she clutched at the first thing that came to hand, and cut herself rather badly with the black mussels that clustered round the wood. there was little or no danger, but dearlie, rushing tober assistance, , let go of katie for a moment, and tue next saw that adventurous little damsel turned over and over by the btrong current. she caught her as she passed, and then insisted on their both coming out. usually it took twenty minutes or so to persuade them to leave the element they loved, but to-day dearlie was glad to see they i were both a little frightened, and the sight of helen, already half-dressed i standing in the door of the bathing-house, decided them, and they followed her meekly enough. winnie of course coutd look after herself, but katie. she, still in her wet bathing-gown, had to dry and dres*. helen as usual was half contemptuous, half pitying, but sue never offered to help her   bister.   " oh, dearlie," she said again, " i wouldn't be you for all the world.   "so you remarked once before i think—katie do stand still. how can i tie your petticoat it you jump about like that. but after all, nell, it's only by the merest chance you haven't to live the same life i do."   " i'd never have done it. never. l\l marry anybody rather." ! "anybody hasn't asked me," said dearlie, putting the finishing touches to katie's toilet, and beginning on her own, while helen sat herself down on the doorstep in the brilliant sunlight, and looked down towards the   pier.   "i'll serve as a warning signal to all-comers to keep away while you dress, dear," ehe said. "come now, children, you've finished, be off with jroa, and take those wet bathing-gowns and towels up to the hotel."   they obeyed very reluctantly. they did not quite relish being ordered •way by their elder sister, but she waited until tbey were gone, and then began again.   " tiresome brats 1" she said. *' i would do anything to get rid of the charge of them if i badu't—but, dearlie, hasn't anyone ever asked you to marry him f'   " no—yes—that is no.   "what on earth do you mean by that not the right person, i suppose. come now, you wouldn't say 'no' to that mr. dunlop if he asked you, spite of bis face." - .   dearlie flushed rosy red, and shook all her damp hair over her face while the hand that wielded the brash trembled a little, but she made no   answer.   " yon foolish child," said miss nairn. " don't you think he's in love with   you. you might as well tell me. i'm not going to proclaim it from the house- tops."   " i—i—oh, nell, bunt out dearlie, thinking what a relief it wonld be if she could only gain some wisdom from this worldly wise sister. " i fancied perhaps—bqt last nigbt he never came near me."   r " hell, foplisb child, be never came neat anybody else, did be? he wbb jealous of charlie dalrymple, that's all. and yon, by way of improving shatters, daiioed with charlie all the evening. now, yon may be very-certain someone will be load enough to tell him that indeed, i have yery little doubt tom is imparting the precious information at this very moment, with all those little additions and exaggerations which form such a marked and charming trsit ln our dear brother's character."   "what—where—nell... ...   "now. don't get excited," said the elder rid calmly. " just listen to toe.   \- w —'our battered lover and bur adored and valned brother—have   the beach for some considerable time. now our adorable _ _j persecute the masher,-2 presume. thank heaven the i taking him in hand.. yfeejy.fthzwhing fill d° bin* ail the   " l shoitld jifve piade it ft little longer. npw the   e^y au. ilofit^ssiiqg pot on the aadf^wavei, thlnjdngprdbably   i l«t loye, d6tft te'sbft,de«tte"—lor tfafttyoong lady was stamping   her foot with vexation at her stater's tone—' but be thankful you have a sensible sister, and take her advice. go down now, and speak to him. tell him you bated dancing with charlie, but had no other choice since he never came near you. tell him the exact truth, mind, and insist on telling him. never mind how stiff and cold he is. now go. no, never mind your hair. y ou look   pretty witu it streaming down your shoulders. i shall go back through the scrub. good luck go with you, my dear," and helen rose, and, patting dearlie on the shoulder, stepped out through a hole in the side of the bath   ing-house farthest from where dunlop sat   "nell," said dearlie piteously, but miss nairn was already half-way up the sand hill, a moment more and she was lost to sight in the scrub.   dearlie stood hesitating. a shyness she could not account lor had seized upon her, and ardently as she had been longing for the last twelve hours to see dunlop, now that the chance bad come she almost felt inclined to slip away and follow her sister. but if she did, she jkuew she would only repent half an hour afterwards ; so, talcing her courage in both hands, sue came out of the bathing-house, and half gladly, half reluctantly, walked slowly acrob9 the sands to where dunlop sat staring out seawards.   and if she could only have known his thoughts, she would have been still more reluctant, or, perhaps, would not have come at all, for lom, having visited the fishing boats which had just come in, and secured from the good-natured fishermen an unlimited supply of squid for bait, had joined dunlop, whom he found moodily strolling along the beach, and favoured him with his views on things in general, and the dance of the night before in particular.   miles, with his head full of the girl he had made up lus mmd he had lost forever, could not resist asking how the dance had gone off, and how his, tom's, sisters had enjoyed it.   "crumbs ! 'said tom, making use of his favourite aspiration with fervour, " it was grand ; and didn't dearlie enjoy it ? you can just bet she did. she danced all night long with charlie dalrymple. look here, do you think he s   good-looking ?" . .   dunlop murmured something which might mean anything, but which   tom chose to take for assent.   " do you now ? well, i don't. i never could stand those pink-and white, baby- faced chaps myself. and he's not a bit of good at lootball— never was—a regular softy 1 call him, hut dearlie thinks he's awfully good looking. i heard her tell nell so one day ever so long ugo."   tom did not add, as he might have done, that dalrymple, in those days, was deeply in love with his eldest sister, and that dearlie, moved to com passion by ins woe begone countenance, had been eloquently pleading his cause, and had brought forward all the arguments she could think of in his favour. dunlop thought, with a sigh, it was very probable, and only natural, she should admire hitn, though he himself rather agreed with the chatterbox beside bim, and tom, all unconscious of the pain he was inflicting, and the reckless way in which he was scattering deatlie's most treasured hopes, went calmly on.   "you know, i think they're engaged."   dunlop took no notice of this information, so tom repeated it, till he   asked dully—   "who?"   " why, dearlie and dalrymple, of course.. in fact, i'm sure they are ; only i expect they want to keep it a secret till he's seen the gov. i heard him sar to dearlie last night, "l'hen we won't consider it really settled till the end of the week,' and what else can that mean except that they're engaged. i guess i'd have heard more only charlie saw me; and, oh crumbs ! wasn't he in a way ! guess he thought i'd seen 'em spooning, only i didn't."   "tom," said dunlop, feeling he must say something, "don't you think it's rather mean to play the eavesdropper."   "oh crumbs! that wasn't eavesdropping. i got tired of dancing; it's beastly slow, i think, and when i came out of the pavilion i saw two people in the scrnb. how was i to know who they were ? 1 thought it was the uiasher and his girl, and i crept up softly to give 'em a yell, as per usual. i was only waiting till it 'ad come in opportunely, when i trod on a stick. the blessed thing gave a loud crack, and cbrrlie was round on me like a shot. 1 only knew then it was charlie. crimini, wasn't he scotty ! just look at this bruiseand tom turned up his coat-.sleeve and tenderly inspected a blue mark on his arm.   " it served you right, tom," said dunlop, uneympathibingly; " i hope it will be a lesson to you. i—why, bless my soul, what's that slimy stuff in your pocket ?"   " this," said tom, forgetting his wounds, and taking a white, flabby sub stance, that emitted a strong fishy odour, out of his pocket, where it tay alongside his pocket-handkerchief and a rosy apple he had sneaked off the dinner table for future use ; "oh, this is squid, for bait, and grand bait it is too. it i only had my line now. that young beggar, arthur, i have a jolly good mind to skin him alive."   "don't be so bloodthirsty; and, as for the line, i'm going up to town to-day, and i'll send you a new one."   "crumbs ! you are a brick. but what are you going away for?" asked tom, all unconscious that his inform uion had finally dashed duntop's last remaining hopes, and made him more firmly resolved than ever to leave portsea that veiy day.   business," he answered shortly, but he might just as well have told the truth and said " love," for tom paid no attention. his eyes were gxed on a young couple who were btrolling along, deep in conversation, and totally unaware of his unwelcome proximity.   " crumbs ! i say, if that ain't the masher and his girl, and with their backs to us too. what luck. now you'll see them jump."   "tom," remonstrated miles; but tom was off, and creeping up softly behind, gave a hideous war-whoop, which made the girl cry out and cling to her companion. tom nairn gave a gleeful chuckle, and prepared tobolt, but the man was too quick for him, and miles dunlop, with an inwaid glow of satisfaction, saw his young friend grasped firmly by the collar, while the despised masher laid a stout cane about his shoulders. when he was released he did not return to be congratulated on the success of his joke, and miles sat down and stared out to sea, pondering hopelessly on what lie bad just heard, and thinking it only confirmed miss popham's words of the night before. yes, he thought, he would go; lie would go away at once. he bad packed his portmanteau and ordered the trap that morning, and nothing should induce him to linger now. he hoped, lie prayed she might be happy, but he felt he could not bear to look upon that happiness —at least, not yet. perhaps, by-and by, when time had dulled the keenness of his pain—and he sighed a heavy sigh, and raising his head, saw the girl who was filling all his thoughts coming towards him. he rose to his feet to meet her. very pretty he thought she looked in the bright morning sunlight, with her fair hair, in which the sunshine brought out gleams of gold, streaming over her shoulders. the excitement of meeting him had deepened the colour in her cheekb and set a bright light in her blue eyes, but she had schooled herself well, and holding out her ungloved hand, greeted him calmly, too calmly indeed; so calmly that her voice bounded cold in bis ears, the freedom and eweet friendliness of yesterday wen gone, and how was he to know that her heart was besting wildly under her blue gingham frock, and that it took all her strength to keep a quiver out of her   voice.   as it was, he, too, greeted her calmly enongh.   " good morning, miss dearlie," he said, "i'm clad to see you looking so fresh and bright. have yon come from your bathe ? well, and how did the dance go off last night t"   poor dearlie. she would like to have crept away and had a good cry all by herself. helen's exhortation of ten minutes ago came into her mind, only to be dismiseed ae useless. he didn't care for her. he didn't even care whom she danced with. what was the good of explaining when he had even forgotten' his promise to dance with her ? she paubed a moment, and then answered bravely—   " it went off very well, 1 think; but i— you forgot to come for-yonr   dance."   " did i ? how rnde of me. but i knew you were better engaged than in dancing with an old fogey like me."   " indeed, indeed, no—"   "indeed, indeed, yes. my dear child. she looked on him oea father. he snid to himself fiercely he would be as a lather to her. " my dear child, my dancing days lie a long way behind me, so once i saw you fairly enjoying yourself i went for a walk instead."   "he never cared," thought dearlie again, bitterly. "nell was wrong, "and she said aloud—   " hope you enjoyed it tom saye you were on the pier."   "tom is ubiquitous," he said, thinking of that young gentleman's account of bis evening's performance. " yes, 1 was on the pier. the nights here are bo still and soft and so altogether delightful 1 am quite sorry to be going awny."   "going away. oh, surely, i hope you are not going away." dearlie felt it was the last straw. the tears rushed to her eyes, and the whole land scape swam before her in one blnrred mass—yellow sand and dark green ti-tree and the bright blue sea dancing and glimmering in the sunlight " you won't go away."   he was too absorbed iu hie own trouble to notice her emotion, and with out looking at her answered—   "why, yes, i must the trap, as they call it, is to be ready for me at 12\. i—i have changed my mind abont settling in melbourne, every one telle me queensland is the coming colony, so i have decided to go there. i only came down to say good-bye to you," be added, mendaciously, for the queensland scheme had but that moment been born, "ani must go back at once, for if i'm to start next month you may imagine there's a good deal to be done."   queensland! if be bod said spitsbergen or equatorial africa he could not have seemed to be potting her farther away from bim. and she only prayed she might not eternally jliagraoe herself by bucetinginto a storm of passionate tears.   " oh, don't go." she said again. " why most you go?" and there was a pitiful tremor in her voice, which even he noticed and set -down at once, with a man's usual perversity, to the wrong cause.   "sweet little woman," he thought, "she is so happy herself she can't help be|ng sorry tor my lonely jot," whereas it was over her own loneliness dearlie whs grieving.   they had been strolling slowly along the sands, and now arrived at the roadway which led up to she hotel before turning and leaving hue abetter ofaheaorpb, miles pgnaed a moment. . ? ,   "i most go," he said f "i must. indeed. 1 can't stay here. surely   yonjjcnow^ that, l eant tell yon the reason, but yon most have   and dearlie, in her girlish feaoanoe oi the world, at once lamped to itbe   awful conclusion thatbc must have seen how very "wwh in love mjih 1- "* she was, and was going away to avoid her. in conteouenca rlu more shamefaced and wretched than ever, and was utterly unable to anlot   a word. * - upeas   "dear little girl," went on miles, dreamily, half to himself. takin® unresisting hand, and holding it in both his own. "dearlie bearhe   have always been ao good to me, so kind to me, men others have shrunk away you have always been kind. how can i ever thank you!"   there was tenderness enough now in his voice if she would onlr hav» heard it, but dearlie, her mind full of the awful thought that he was imv ing her, conld not see that one word from her wonldhave kept him at her   aide. > . ?   at the other side of the pier three fishermen were hauling in their lnii» net with many " yo'a" and " yo, heave ho's." the persecuted masher aud the girl he waa engaged to, both in spotless white, were seated snuclv together in a little nook among the rocks, oblivions of all sublunary mattes and their persecutor, tom, together with all the boya and girls of porteea! were eagerly watching the fishermen and awaiting anxiously the spoils of the sea that would fall to their share—bright coloured seaweed and shells spotted toadfish, and puffy sea porcupines and leather-jackets, gleaming with all the bright colours of the rainbow. dearlie watched the scene miserably, and wondered should she ever—ever be able to take an interest in such things again. miles, seeing that no one was likely to notice them held her hand fast in his, wondering to find it so coldl '   " dear little girl," he thought, "she has guessed and is sorry for me."   ttien he went on aloud—   "i am not blind, dear, and of course i've seen what's been going on." dearlie wished she could die then and there. to think that sue should have been so barefaced, so unmaidenly that he had actually seen her love when she had only been conscious of it herself the day before. " 1 hope your life will be a very happy one," he went on. " if i could make it so it should. 1'in sure you know that, my little girl, my little dearlie," and miles tried to persuade himself he felt very fatherly indeed.   dearlie murmured " yes," hardly above her breath, and tried to draw her hand away, but be held it cloae.   "and you'll let me know when you are going to me married!"   dearlie thought this the unkindest cut of all. surely when he knew she was in love with him lie must know she wouldn't want to marry anybody else in the world, and so she made no answer, but dnnlop was far too agitated himself now to notice that. her close proximity tempted jiim terribly. the wind blew her long fair hair across his shoulder and into his face, her hand trembled in his, and he felt he must go if he would not lling all other considerations to the wind and, spite of the bond that bound her to auother mail, take her in hia arms and implore her to pity liini for his loneliness—to do more than pity him, to love him &b; he loved her. with a mighty effort he restrained himself, and then, stooping, put his hot lips to her little cold hand.   "good-bye, my dnrling, good-bye," he whispered so that she could not bear him. "god bless my darling; god keep her."   dearlie submitted quietly. she did not understand why, when he waa leaving her for ever, be should take the opportunity of making himself doubly dear to her.   " he is cruel," she thought, blaming him lor the first time. " he is very cruel." and yet, when he raised bis face and she saw with wonder how white and drawn he looked she thought him ill, and was filled with au overwhelming pity.   "1 think i had better go," he said, hoarsely.   dearlie bowed her head. she dared not trust herself to speak, and they turned into the roadway together. dearlie waa thinking—"not five minutes now, not five minutes and he will be gone forever," hut she could not think of anything to say. her world seemed just as hopeless and dark as ever his did, if he could only have known it; but he did not, and they walked on in dead silence side by side.   "only three minutes—only two," thought dearlie, taking in the bunny scene around her. they faced the hotel now, and she saw the waggonette at the door, into which were being lifted by the jew factotum travelling bags she recognised as dunlop'u. they reached the steps of the verandah, and climbed them slowly.   "only one more minute—and now it has come." she could scarcely repress a sob as dunlop btopped in the doorway and took her liand once more in bis. for a moment they stood silent; then he pressed it so tightly she could almost have cried out with the pain.   " it has'come at last," he said, eciioing her own thoughts, and so miserable wa9 she the significance of iiis words never struck her. " good-bye, dear little girl; good-bye."   he dropped her hand, raised his own a moment and just touched her bright hair, and then, turning, ran down the steps again. the hebrew waiter—moses, as tom called him—stood right in front of him with out stretched hand, aud be tossed him half-a-crown as he got into the waggonette.   " heady, eir," said the driver, and they were off. dearlie heard the bound of the horse's hoofs and the clatter of the wheel* on the hard limestone road. she could not see, for her eyes were dimmed with tears, and then, for once in her life, utterly regardless of her duties ob guardian to her younger brothers and sisters, rushed upstairs to her own room, and, locking the door, flung herselt on to the bed, aud cried as she had never cried in her life before—as if her heart would break.       chapter viii two lectures and an old love-story.   chapter viii.   two lectl'bes amd am old love stobt.   " lore h strong as death. many waters cannot quench lore, neither can the floods drown it; if a man would give all the substance of his house for lore, it would utterly be contemned."—subomok.   dear lie spent an hoar in peace, and then, just as the bell wab ringing for   the mid-day dinner, her two younger bisters came hying upstairs, and had to be admitted to make themselves presentable for dinner. the blind being down and the room dark, she hoped her tear-stained face might escape observation, but winny peered curiously at her, and dearlie had tp explain that she had a very bad headache, and sent them down with .a message to her aunt to the effect that she felt ill and did not want any dinner. dearlie ill was something so extraordinary—a thing so altogether unknown in the annals of the nairn family—that it furnished, food -tor conversation all dinner-time, while hies popham, who shrewdly suspected she had a cine to the mystery, merely told the girls they were not to disturb their sister,'and decided to talk to her herself in the course of the afternoon. after all   dearlie** excuse that she was ill was true enough. she had eaten little or nothing since the night before. she bad lain awake all night staring at the'ceiling, wondering what had gone wrong and what on earth she could do to mend matters, and then the intense excitement of the morning, brief as it . was—4be effort to appear calm when she knew the man she loved was leaving her for ever, had proved too much for her, and now she felt really ill. her heart throbbed as if it would bnrst, every bone in her body ached, her eyes smarted with the tears she had shed, and as she lay there on her bed in the very abandonment of grief she even wondered herself what could be the matter with her. poor little gill, she though her heart was broken. she had loved this man with all her strength, and he had not wanted her love. he bad been very kind and tender to her, but he bad shown her, she thought, tiiat he did not care for her in the only way she" wished to be cared for; he had utterly shamed and humiliated her, and he had gone away and lett her, and she wished she might die. she knew very well she would not die, though she did feel so ill this afternoon. it seemed so bard to have to live all her life with this sorrow in her heart—a sorrow she could con&de; to no one. the years stretched out before her inter minably long—long, long years, which bad to be lived through, and she knew, too, she must wear a smiling face to the world, brothers, sisters father, mother—all expected her to be bright and happy, whatever the rest of them might be, and tbe prospect ipoked so terribly black to iter she bid her face in her pillow again and gave way to a fresh buret of tears. pooir little girl, she was so young and innocent—so ignorant of all tbe ways of the world—that it never occurred to ber she would forger, never occurred to her that bhe could possibly forget she had loved once with all her strength, and she thought she would love him always, and now he was gone and she must bear it as best she could, as we grow older welearo, not perhaps with out regret, that time to a certain extent cures all things. the .old pain is still there. the old sorrow is unforgotten. it'has lined our faces slid whitened our heads, hut time, kindly time, has dulledits first fresh cutting keenness. the tiitiing pleasures and cares of everyday fife must of neces sity push it into the back-ground, and it is not so hard.after all, to go through life with a smiling face. if you he glopmy, my friend, )t is not because of that great and terrible trouble, which you think has crashed the life out of you. if it is past and-gone, you could make s migbty effort and rise superior to that, itis tbe email cares, the tiny woroe* that spring up every nay on every aide, that weary you and bind you down, and you can not muster sufficient energy either to conquer or to disregard them. '   but dearlie, in ths agony of her firat sorrow, saw no hope -of better things, «nd cried on till atlastshe fairly ctied herseu into a troubled   „ r #t , r who at once took possession of tbe only chair the bare rooin c6ntained, while dearlie lay downoccemore on the bed, and pulledup the pillow* po that her sister could not see her face, . . , v   helen had just heard froua misa popham, who hadgsthmmftfrom'totn a somewhat rambling statements, that dearlie war-engaged to ofaarile dai ryraple, and though she hstdlybeue ved it she was not be#tplegsed .«,»«« new*. so she sat in solemn pilence, hud waited for her slater to »p?ak wf1 but dearlie did not feel .equal to opening the conveteatlon, so at bust him nairn said in her coldest tonisa, ; '   " aunt wants to spe&k; to you." , • • "doesshe? now?" and dearueraiiedherself <mb« city?*   " ob, i daresay it'll keep for an hour qr so —pefttfjio. suu^ded *mpp* & pillows again—"especially as i have something to, flay to lw wyarit   dearlie, you'veheeh crying." - "v   no answer, only ashgiit movement, by which dearlie seemed to bwyw face deeper than em among the pillows, h ?   j' what have your been crying for ?'   a pause, and then the victim answered reluctantly.   " 1 don't feel well."   'oh, that's it, ia it?" (rather an extraordinary thing to cry about, though. what made you ill ?" * '   ' 1 —- don't know."   " oh, don't you. dearlie, listen to me." "i'm listening."   " yes, with your face smothered in hair and pillows." and mies nairn rose np, and with -no gentle hnnd pushed down the pillows and brushed away the hair from her sister's face.   "good gracious me, child," she said aghast, "you have been crying. why your face is all swollen with it, whatever is the matter?'1   there was no denying the fact—she had been crying terribly. she had hoped to remove all traces of recent tears before anyone should nee her, but here was helen gazing down on her pitilessly, so she answered somewhat sullenly.   "i told yon—i don't feel well."   " poob, nonsense. people don't cry in that heart-broken way, simply be cause they don tfeel well. who ie it now? charlie?" and miss nairn felt an inward tremor in her own heart as she put the question.   " charlie ? who's charlie ?" for later events had driven him completely out of her head. " oh, charlie dalrymple you mean. no, of course not what should i cry about him tor ?"   ' exactly what i wanted to find out," said helen dryly; going back to her   l, much to her sister's relief. " then it's not true you're engaged to hit   seal, much to her sibtet a reuei.1 ilien it a not true you're engaged to hitn,"   she added after a pause.   " no, of course not who ever told yon that ?"   " that tiresome boy tom, of course. at least he told aunt. that's what •he wants to speak to you about."   *' but—but—it's not true. whatever made him think that,"   " 1 don't know, i'm sure. something cuarlie said about not considering   it settled till the end of the week."   " ob," a light broke in on dearlie. '' that was it, was it ? well, i'm not engaged to charlie, never want to be, and never shall be," she said emphatically, feeling sure ehe could not tell her sister pleasanter news.   "well, what did charlie mean by that?" "nothing."   " nonsense, dearlie. you're playing with me. come now, did charlie pro pose to you last night?"   " ye-es."   "1 thought so. and you refused him." " yes,"   " you little fool. and i suppose he declined to believe in the refusal, told yen to take time to think it over, and declared he wouldn't consider the matter settled till the end of the week, eh ?"   "nell! llow could you know?"   "my dear, i know charlie dalrymple from the crown of his head to the sole of his foot. what on earth maite you refute him ?"   " 1 don't want bim. i don't love him, and .if you know him so well, you know he doesn't really love me."   "when he askyouto mirry him! what nonsense !"   "it isn't nonsense, and you know it. he has been iii love with yon for the last two years, only you have treated him so badly, be naturally turned to me, and he wants to marry me 1 verily believe jubt to spite you."   miss nairn visibly softened. it was bitter to think her lover had deserted her for her insignificant sister, but dearlie's suggestion brought balm to her wounded vaniiy, and she said hesitatingly, " i've been kind enough to bim lately."   . "the last two nights. thai's nothing. try it for a week, nell, and you'll eee he'd be bitterly repenting by that time that he wouldn't take my ' no' on the spot,"   " you'll think better of it before then.   "1 won't—1 won't—i don't want to marry anyone, and certainly i don't want to marry him."   "all right, you shan't. but you're a little fool for your pains. see what a fool ennt and father and mother '11 think you."   "tiny won't know."   "oh, won't they? aunt'ii tell."   " well, they didn't think you a fool."   "the cabes ore different," s«id misa nairn curtly. "and now—did you take my advice this morning ?"   " 1—yes—no—yes."   " explanatory certainly. if yonr remarks were as graphic to mr. dunlop, he must have bad an exciting half-hour. what did you say to bim?"   " nothing—at least—i don't remember."   dearlie had contrived to hide her face in the pillows again.   "a lively companion truly. what did he talk about then? charlie dalrymple ?"   "no."   "no, of course he wouldu't, but—did you ? did you explain things as 1 told you ?"   "no."   "dearlie, were you bom a too), or have the cares of a large family dulled your intellect. come tell me what you talked about. tom tells me he has gone away, ib that true? or is it likewise born of that young gentleman's too fruitful imagination?"   " it's true."   " what did yon let him go for ?"   "1—nell—"said poor dearii^ sitting up and trying to speak bravely.   "it's no good. hedoesn'c care fot me one straw in that way. he—he has pone away—he only came down to say ' good-bye.' because he's going to queensland to settle lor good next month. he told me so himself."   " exactly, because through yonr utter idiotcy, i can call it nothing else, he believes miss dearlie nairn is now engaged to mr. charles dalrymple, and he has no desire to play second fiddle, and contemplate their bliae."   '"nellie—nellie—i—."   "oh, dearlie, i have no patience with you. if you wanted mr. dunlop, no girl ever bad a better chance than you had this morning, and now he's gone, and yon're crying your eyes out over the mess you've made, you little idiol get up now, on<l wash your your face, aud do your hair. auot is waiting tor you," and miss nairn went out, and hanged the door behind her.   dearlie felt it a great hardship to have to face her aunt she would have given-aimost anything to keep out of her sight till next morning, but there was no help for it, ao great a power was not to be denied, so ehe rose up slowly, and, after endeavouring with but small success to wash away all traces of her recent emotion, went alowly down the passage, and koocked at the old lady's door.   " come in," said miss popham, and dearlie thought her voice sounded. unusually stern. her own lace was white and woe begone in spite of her endeavours to look happy and unconscious, and her aunt was a little shocked.   " why, child," she said, not unkindly, " what is the matter ? come   here."   "i don't feel very well," faltered dearlie, making the old excuse.   " and-you don't look ao, i'm sure. there—shut the door, and come and sit in the armchair."   the armchair, covered in bine rep, that never could have been pretty even in its palmiest days, and now was faded and worn, and relegated to the best bedroom, stood right against the open window, and dearlie lying back in it had a good view of green crowned rocky headlands jutting out into the bay, i.ow sparkling in the afternoon sunlight up the south channel a great ocean steamer was slowly making her way, and ahe watched it with that intentnew we aometimee bestow on trivial matters, even when the greatest happiness of our lite is at stake.   miss popham satoppoeite her knitting.   " plain purl,"abe murmured, just above her breath, "plain purl slip one, knit two together—keziah what iathe matter with you?"   "1 don't know, aunt perhaps i walked too much yesterday."   "ah, perhaps you did. and now, keziah, what is this i hear about charlie dajiymple?"   "i don't know what yon have heard, aunt," said dearlie faintly.   " yes, you da thomas told me you were engaged to him. he was certain of it".   " tom was dreaming," murmured dearlie.   "and helen haajustbeen here telling me yon are not now, which am i to believe, thomas or helen ?"   " nell, of cour»e,£be understands all about it."   that'amore than! do then, now, child. i want to get to the bottom of this did charlieqirbpoae to you last night?"   there was a panse, during which the business-like click of miss pophsm's knitting needles wee the only sound in the quiet room. then dearlie   faltered—   " l—i nrottieednot to tell."   pooh-1 alipirlado that did be propose ?"   yf 1 " fill \   *' and you refused him t* , .   dearlie ttumght bow very closely her aunt's catechism was following her ewtov tat ehe answered mote boldly this time—   " keziah, whatdid you do that for t young, handsome, well-to-do—what more could you want ?"   " ididn'tlove hlm.auot'^ '   love bim ! <loes a girl ,ike you know about love ? '   what, indeed. the steamer was right opposite theirwludow now, a long white wakeatretcbifigawaybebind her; and dearlie almost fancied ahe   insignificai^leetie^e mightyoi^^twmer,1andj^ireoaembered- with a   mub that mileadj^topurason board.andthenwfatoi'^lhjherself asshe   thought of tbeastonisnment bhewouldcraateftsbe anbweredber aunts question tshlf/ mt woeeldom do speak out our wbblethoughts, so she   merely said— ? . ?   "'ljrnow i don't love charlie dalrymple, at any rate. i'm not quite sore tbailevenlikehim."   ? -®bt» my dear child, my dear child, do think what yon are doing. yon tagd auch a aecluded liie, see so few people. you are not beautiiul like   mwb. yon are never likely to have such acbance again. '   ' i know. 1 will bean old maid."   jtod-.dtatlie clasped her hands in her lap and felt that she really meant   . " 9i*j %mah, yon are foolishly throwing away your happiness. hate yon •vet thboght what it means fd be an old maid r   " why, ; of course." '   " my dear child, you don't realise it, i hope yon never will realise the ntter jonelinesb of such a life. you have no one to love, no one to love yon. it loneliness is terrible." and dearlie would have been stupid indeed bad she missed the pnin in her aunt's voice.   " auntie, dear," she said gently, so gently that lilies pophara caught her self wondering how it was she had not taken this niece to her heart instead of the more beautiful helen. "auntie, dear, surely you know we all love   you.'   "yea; somewhere after your btothers and sisters and father and mother. i am first with no one. i am a very, very long way from being first. whv, my death would not make the tiniest blank in anyone's life. keziah, don't be an old maid if you can help yourself. every woman needs a husband and children to make herlife complete."   " but, auntie, it wob your own choice. 1 have heard my father say so often. you might have married over and over again."   " but not the man i loved, child ; not the man 1 loved.'' the knitting had fallen on the floor, and dearlie saw the delicate old hands clasping and un clasping each other in their agitation, and felt a deep sympathy for her aunt   born of her own trouble.   "didn't be love you, auntie 1" she asked softly. "surely he must have   loved you."   "love me ? oil i yes; he loved me. never woman was better loved than 1 have been. but he could not marry me. there was that between us that —well, never mind, it an old story now, and 1 thank god no one ever suspected it. they thought me hard and cold, but 1 kept my own counsel and never told a soul till to-day. why am 1 confiding in you, child, 1   wonder 1"   "because hove you ; i do love you, auntie," said dearlie, coming over and kneeling down by the old lady's side. " tell me, dear," she whispered,   "is he dead 1"   " dead ; no. he ia not dead. but, dear child, it was all over thirty years ago. so what is the good of talking about it ?"   " thirty years ago! oh ! auntie, it is a lifetime, and you love him still." and dearlie's voice faltered, tor stretchiug out before her she seemed to see all the years of her own life—desolate, unloved, unillumined even by such faint rays of happiness aa had fallen on her aunt's.   "love him?. ycb ; i shall always love him." dearlie felt her trembling. " bat lam an old worn m, child, and—am&perliaps; in that unknown country to which we axe ,a|ljourneying god witl be good to me and give tne my darling there.*^"   "auntie, auntie!" dearlie bad broken down now, and was-crying over this old love story as blie had cried over her own an hour ago. "has lie   gone on loving you alt these years, too?"   "1 don's know,. hat 1 hope not; i pray not 1 would not have had him unhappy tor all the world, lie bad his work to do in the world ; his place to fill; many occupations, many cares; and 1 hope he found pepce, and forgot. but i—a woman's lite is so different i bad nothing to do but sit   at dome and remember."   " did he sive you this ting, auntie ?"' touching a quaint old ring miss popltam always wore on iter linger.   "thai—oh ! that belonged to my mother. no; he gave me nothing. why fihoold he ? he knew very well 1 -needed nothing to remember him by. but there—i am forgetting what i wanted to talk to you about you will marry charlie dalrymple, won't you?"   " no, aunt, 1 can't you wouldn't want me to marry a man i don't love,   would you ?"   " but you will learn to love him. lie will be good to you. , and you will have other ties—children, perhaps. dou't throw away this chance of   happiness."   "i can't marry him. i couldn't even love him. besides, there is another reason, auntie. 1—don't tell—but i do think nell loves him."   " helen ! nonsense. now, you are romancing. why he is a year younger than she is, and bite has always treated him as a boy. he proposed to her last winter, i fancy, and she wouldn't have him."   " all the same, she loves bitn now," said dearlie, rising and looking out of the window again. ".she didn't know it as long as he adored her, but when in despair he turned to me she found it out quick enough. she lias hud a good lesson, and knows her own mind now, and won't be so foolish   again."   " keziah, you take my breath away."   " it's true all the same," said dearlie, nodding her head sagely. "come and look here. it's lucky i'm not in love."   miss pophatn rose and looked over her shoulder. the big steamer had passed out of s'ght up the south channel, the ozone was but a streak of 6moke over in the direction of queensclitt, the voices of the children at play reached their ears softened by the distance, the afternoon was hot, still, and quiet, and the only two people visible were charlie dalrymple and lielen nairn, strolling slowly, very slowly, down the hot, white, glaring, limestone road towards the beach, deep in each other's conversation, and apparently unconscious of all surroundings.   " they may be talking about you," said miss pophara, doubtfully.   " abottlme. i don't think they'd be quite so earnest if it was only about me no; nell is making up, and charlie is just beginning to regret be didn't let my ' no' decide it last night. what a bell if 1 changed my mind   but, luckily, i shan't."   " well, of course, if helen wants him," said miss pophatn, going back to the old family idea that helen mnat have whatever she 6et her heart on, " that is another thing. only i hope you'll never regret it, child."   "that 1 never shall," said dearlie, earnestly, "never."       chapter ix miles dunlop's letter.   cllafteb ix.   lilles dusloe's lktteu.   1 henceforth, how tnucfa of the full heart must ij6   a sealed book, at whose contents we treiuole, a still voice mutters 'mid our misery,   3.1) e worst to hoar, because it most dissemble.   | we imyoi nave oceu :• — i " tom, tom, where are yon, tom f"   "sweetest beloved, here am i."   "don'r, tom, let me alone. my dress is clean, and yon needn't crumple   it" *   " was it cross, then, because its lover had deserted it for its handsome sister ? poor 'ittle sing."   "you're a positive nnisance, and i won't give you your parcel unless you behave. behave now. the tea bell '11 ring iu a minute, and then you won't   have time to look at it before tea."   "a parcel for me! crikey bill, you're joking. where did it come   from!"'   "it came by post this afternoon. there's a letter too. i don't know who they're from. til read your letter for you."   "no, by jingo you shan't! here, hand it over. why, it might be from my best girl. how do you know i"   tom cut the string of his parcel and disclosed to dearlie's eyes half u dozen deep-sea fishing lines, with weights, ready for use, and three dozen fish- hooka of assorted sizes. m   " jimini 1 fixings, ain't he a tramp. it'a from mr. dunlop. he eaid he'd send the line, only i thought he'd forgot he's been gone over a week,   hasn't be ?"   " only six days," eaid dearlie, with a sigh. it seemed more like 6tx years   to her.   "anyhow, better late than never. now, i wonder what be says in bis letter. what a fist he does write, to be sure. 'dear tom, i—i—.' oh, 1 say, dear, this is awfol. such a scrawl, i'd he ashamed of it he ought to go to school again. wouldn't i just like to see old phillips get on to   him."   " ingratitude thy name is —no, tom, don't, please don't; my arm is black where you pinched me yesterday. let me see if i can make out the   letter."   tom banded it over without a word, little guessing the thrill the touch of that paper sent through his sister's veins.   "well, what does he say!" heaeked, carelessly, taming over the lines and beginning to sort the books ont into little packets according to size. they were alone in the big room, which was known aa the ladies' drawing room, and dearlie, seating herselt on the table, began to read the latter.   "bella vista. parliament-place, melbourne, dec. 13.   "my dear tom,—i hope yon trill not think i have forgotten my promise to yon, but tbe fishing lineb they hud at swanston's did not seem to me very good.. they explained there had been a great run oh lines this season, and as they expected a fresh stock out by the mail, 1 thought you would not mind' waiting. i send you half a dozen, and then you can supply your brothers and sisters, if you wibh. „ .   "town is dreadfully hot and stuffy, end i oiten thihk of the pleasant day irith you all down by that little bay where the poor old cheviot has lett bwboncw." (so did the reader, very very often indeed, only she did not dare akyjrtx it seemed to her the very refinement of cruelty to remind her.of it, bnt ehe read on calmly.) " i intend to start for fort albert to-day to try if that is a little cooler. my friend, mr. grant, who has persuaded me to accompany him, tells me it is a delightful spot, a regular eden, with what edith lacked, a sea beach; but bis partner declares that is all a delusion aod am)bre,andport albert is bare mud flats pure and simple. to-night will show. ~ anyhow, ft can't he more uncomfortable than ' marvellous mel bourne.' i faopeyon will catchrpleoty offish; and if there is any thingelae i cando for yon; just write and let me know. address here, as i have-left orders lor my letters to beaent on; not that i am likely to be troubled with manr, heisra fonsly man. and a stranger in a sfrange land. .   "give my very kindest regards to your aunt,hiss dearlie, and tbe rest of   your people, and with kindest christmas greetings for yon all.—i remain, 1 truly youra, " miles dunlop "   though. hasn't be got a jaw just? it was civil though. i want heaps of tbines, but i suppose it wouldn't do to ask for them.eh?" - —   " well, no, hardly; but you most write and tbtink him."   " what a blessed bore. ob; all right there, there's the tea-bell going like mad, and tbis brutal booh in my coat"   '" really, you should be careful, tom; clothes don't grow on every bush. there's a hole now that 'ii take me all tbe evening.tomead."   " darn the thing, i wonder if yon think you look nice on the table there. [ can see black stockings np to the knee. and i suppose you know you're putting off you're wedding for a whole year i"   "oh, am i?" said dearlie, indifferently; "who told you that? mrs. crawford, i suopose. well, i expect i'll be an old maid, so it won't make any difference."   "yes, i suppose you will now charlie datrymple has chucked yon oyer. but it's rather a pity, too. crumbs, fancy being like aunt pop. come along now do, we'll get no tea."   that night tom and all theyonnger members of the nairn family felt it incumbent on them to go fishing, and dearlie, of coarse, had to go too to take cope of them. not that she minded much. the pier on a warm night wasabout as nice a place as there was in portsea, and ahe telt she might as well be there as anywhere. all the world looked very black to her, poor child. in all the years that stretched ont before her sue could not see one gleam of happiness. : it was a calm still night, after a breathless day, tbe bay was still as glass, and the waves softly breaking on the sands and round the piles of the little pier made a pleasant mnrmur in her ears. the new mbon, setting slowly in the west, just made one lone streak of silver when its rays touched the water, but was not strong enough to dim in any way.the brieht little light of the lamp at tbe pier-head, while from the oppositesborea at queenbciiff the lighthouse light flashed out its gaiding beacon across the sea. - dearlie seated herself on the form nnder the lamp, and.the nairn children, lines having beeh distributed by tom, ranged themselves along the end of the pier, where their sister felt they were, in imminent danger ol toppling over and being drowned. she, would have liked to forbid them to sit there, but miss popham had decreed that with ordinary care it was-a safe and proper place, and there wbb no gainsaying that authority. the "ordinary care" dearlie was supposed to provide. she only hoped she could. but every now and then a big leather-jacket was caught, or some of the-too numerous lines got' entangled, and she could not lielp fearing lest one of her small charges might topple over in the darkness and never be missed. there was no one else on the pier—no one tonotice the slender little figure with the pathetic droop in it that looked so mournful in the lamplight. up in the pavilion at the lonsdale there was another dance going on, but the children preferred fishing, and dearlie, who felt she bad no heart for dancing and thoughtahe would never care tor it again, readily acceded to their request to come with them. so the pier was abandoned by everyone till abont nine o'clock, when a couple strolled down and with right coyal disregard for their clothes—an indifference dearlie admired but could never hope to imitate—seated themselves on the pile of coalsaoks which still took up nearly half the pier. dearlie knew who they wert— knew all about them—and steadily kept her back to theta. helen bad taken her advice, given after so many tears nearly a week ago, and bad taken it with the best results. young dairymple had finally been retubed by dearlie and had accepted his dismissal witb a smiling countenance, and now there was no doubt in anybody's mind—not even in sceptical miss popham's—as to which miss nairn he preferred. to-night, dearlie thought,   should bee matters settled.   jlow happy nell was. how lucky. " why, oh why," she asked herself, as every man or woman has asked at one period or other of their lives, "should she have the bitter, and nell the sweetb of life—her heart's desire ? " everything helen had set her heart on since she was a little child she had got, and now she had the man she loved. she was different. poor dearlie! it seemed to her that for her to desire a thing was quite sufficient reason why it should be put out of her reach there and then. she remembered how the desire of her childhood had been a doll's house—not a magnificent one such as family tradition declared helen had possessed, but a very ordinary doll's bouse, such as many of her schoolmates had, and to arrive at this blie had begun saving up her pennies. pence were scarce in the nairn household even then, and they came to her few and far between. still, she hoped and saved,denied herself many a childish treat, many a trifling pleasure, and when at last the requisite sum was hers—it was absurdly small—ahe found, alas, she was too old and cared for dolls and dolls' houses no longer. to-nijiht the memory of those vanished years came back to her more freshly than ever. she remembered the keenness of her disappointment when she realised that now that tier desire was within her grasp she cared tor it no longer—bhe had put away childish thing*. with the money saved with so much difficulty she had bonght a little frock for the baby, thinking to please her mother, and her mother bad turned it over in her invalid way and had baid—"yes, it was very pretty and very good of dearlie, but pink was such a delicate colour—it wasn't much good tor a baby in their bouse." she thought if dearlie did not mind   she would give it to aunt jane. she was a rich woman and could afford for her baby to wear buch things, and dearlie had. never given her a present. this would be a nice one. and so the frock had gone to aunt jane's baby, who had frocks by the dozen, and the mother never guessed that that night her little daughter had cried into her pillow tears of vexation and dis appointment she could hardly have put into words.   dearlie thought of that old-time disappointment to-night as she listened to the children squabbling under their breaths—tom would allow no loud talking for fear of frightening the fish—to the murmur of the water among ibe piles, and the sounds of the waltz which floated down from the pavilion above. was it typical of her life, she wondered. should she always be wanting—ever wanting something, which when she attained she would value no longer. ah, bat there was one thing she should value always—always. she should always love miles dunlop. he did not care for her, it was true, but she could not help that; she should always love him. she could not imagine herself even as an old woman, not loving him and valuing his love. when she was an old woman she would love him still; but, oh, her life would be so lonely, so terribly lonely—lonelier even than aunt popbam's, for she at least had the happiness of knowing bet love returned, while bbe— well, nobody loved her very much, 110b idy ever would, she supposed. charlie dalrymple had vowed last week there was no one like her in all the world, and yet now she knew he was saying the same things with still more fervour to helen. and she was glad, very glad. she did not want him for herself, and she was pleased to have him for a brother-in-law if helen wanted him. she only wished that they would think more kindly of her, confide in her, and allow her just an outside glimpse of their happiness. but they both looked askance at her and treated her coldly. that brief episode of charlie's misplaced courtship seemed to be ever present in their minds. neither could forgive dearlie the part she had played, unwilling though it had been, and both avoided bet whenever they could. she did not want dalrymple as a lover, 6be had never wanted him, but the sight of his devotion to her sister—the know ledge of how little he really cared for her—only added to her wretchedness. she was lonely, lonely; she was unattractive. nobody loved her, no ons ; ever would love her, and as she looked at the long streak of light made by   the lamp on the water she wished with all her heart she were dead. and as she arrived at this exceedingly dismal conclusion little katie, as a sort of commentary on her thoughts, dang herself against her kneee and burst into sobs. ,   " oh o-ob, oo-ob, oo-ob, my big fisa has got hisself lost, an' i sail never be happy adain. o-o-oh."   "u'by. katie, dear little one." dearlie lifted her little sister on to bet knees. " what is tbe matter, pet ? "   bat katie, who was tired ana sleepy, sobbed on, and tom remarked— " shut up, you little fool. you'll frighten the fish."   "nonsense, tom; let's talk a little. you've got a whole pile them   what's the matter with katie 1"   "crumbs! such a iusb about a fish." " well, but where is tbe fish ? "   "howdo i know? down in the rip by this time, i expect she only caught one, and then she got her line so messed up i had to take it away. part of it's round tbe post now. she was watching the fish, and i s'poee he didn't like her company, and wrigcled himself back into the water again. i told her he would if she had him so near the edge. but he was only a little sprat any way."   " 'twos my big fie*," remarked katie, sitting up indignant   " oh, all right smarty. well, he's cone now, and you won't ever see bim   again."   "tom, how unkind you are," said dearlie, hastening to comfort the little damsel, who was on the brink of tears again. " don't cry, pet; don't cry. poor old fish ; he heard his children down below calling out for their supper, and he had to go to them, hadn't he? poor old fish."   "poor old fiss," echoed katie, mncb cheered by this view of the matter, "and i sail tatcb him adain to-morrow." whereupon dearlie felt ber moral lesbon had not been crowned witb success.   "how many have you got, tom? "she asked, feeling it was really time she put aside her gloomy thoughts and took an interest in passing events.   "fifteen. not so bad, is it? it's an awfal pity they're only leather jackets, and not much good."   " if they're skinned they're as nice aa flounders, they say."   " well, we'll skin some, and then perhaps the cook '11 fry some for breakfast. win, you'll help me, there's a good old girl, and tbe little johnnies'd better roll up some of the lines, or they'll be getting lost d'ye hear, frank; there's one hitched round the post at the end there; begin on that-"   "i say, dear, when i write to mr. dunlop i'll tell him the lines are grand. 1 wish we had a boat, though. if he was here he'd hire one and tokens out. i wish he was." , ? -   he couldn't wish it as much as dearlie did, but she said nothing, and merely asked—   " when do you think you'll write ?" . ?   " ob, to-morrow, i s'pobe. crumbs.! isu't it a nuisance? i dunno what to say, - . .   " thank him for his present, and say , oh, say you miss him, and   wish he'd come back again."   "humpb, much he'll care about that i'll have to ssy charlie dsl rymple's chucked you over, and gone in for helen instead. my word," said tom, pattsingin his labours, and raising a fishy knifein the air. * ain't be gone in heavily. why, he's got his arm round her wfelat now. oh lord, what next, i wonder." and tom pmeed up his mouth end got ready for theyeu with wbieh be was atcmtomed to scare the masher.   " no:_ttnn; lro, don't. leave thto in peace. there, they rfe going home now- don't tell anyone you saw them,"   " i a'pose they're engaged."   "well, i shouldn't wonder ; bnt do hold yonr tongne about it yon know yon talk too much."   " well, perhaps i do sometimes," said tom, actually acknowledging a fault, and thereby almost taking his sister's breath away. " but how'd it matter if i said she was engaged and she wasn't ?"   ' ob, tom, it would matter a great deal."   " but how? 1 thought you were engaged to him yourself, and i don't really see it made much   difference."   'well, no, as it was only you," said dearlie, with true sisterly contempt for a younger brother's opinion. " no one else would have been snch a fool."   but the contempt stung tom to retaliation.   "ob, crumbs ! was it only me then, smarty? mr. dnnlop thought so, too."   "tom, tom"—that young gentleman felt with satisfaction his chance shot had hit the mark— " tom, tom," then with conviction, "you told him so. ob, how could you be so cruei?"   tom began to think be had gone a little too far, for there were tears in dearlie's voice, so he answered sulkily—   " well, and what if 1 did? everybody thought the same. i'm sure annt pop did." "when did you tell him?" asked dearlie, ignoring his excuses.   "the day he went away. we were on the beach together, and we talked about you. he won't tell anybody, though, so you needn't be so ecotty about it."   " i'm not scotty."   " yes, you are—cross as two sticks."   "well, no one likes to be misrepresented."   "who's misrepresenting you? what can it matter if mr. dunlop does think you're engaged to charlie. i b'lieve yon want to marry him yourself. ugh ! and yon said his face was so awful you   couldn't bear to look at it."   "tom, i didn't."   " ob, didn't you ? well, i told him you did, then."   "i—i—hate yon, tom." and tom thought be heard something suspiciously like a sob, and asked in injured tones—   " well, if it wasn't you, who was it, then ? "   no answer.   "who was it?" ; ? "how—how should i know."   "jt was nell i remember now." " she—she didn't know him."   "she saw him in the street one day, and came back and gave iu heropinion. well, i knew it was one of you."   dearlie made no comment. the thing was done, and there was no good quarrelling about it she sat silent a little, and then, as tom, with a deep sigh, rose from bis kneeb and announced the com pletion of his unsavoury labours, she said—   "it's time we went in. katie's nearly asleep. come along winnie; come boys."   as they strolled back slowly, for katie was tired, tom pondered over dearlie's unaccountable emotion. " look here," he burst out at last, " if yon didn't want dunlop to think you were engaged to charlie, why didn't you tell him you weren't yourself ? 1 saw you talking to him for ever so long that morning."   helen's advice in other words, but dearlie was irritated beyond bearing now.   "hold your tongue, tom " she said sharply. "i'm sick of your foolish talk."   "shut up yourself, crosspatch," responded her brother, marching ahead. " catch me doing anything for you again."   that night, when her younger sisters were safe in bed and asleep, dearlie, looking out of her window on to the quiet bay, pondered over tom's revelation. might—could helen possibly be right? had be cared for her and gone away becanse he was jealous of charlie dalrymple; because, as she now-knew be thought her engaged to him. but no, she dared hardly hope snch a thing could have befen possible; one word would have set all right—only one little question, and he bad not asked that question. if nell's theory bad been right; if it bad only. ' to think how near she had been to happiness and missed it—missed it for ever; and dearlie hardly knew which pain was the worst to bear. whether it was better to think he had gone because be did not love her or because he did. anyhow he was gone, and she never dared hope even for a moment to see him again. no, he was gone, she felt—gone forever. and.she drew from her pocket bis letter to tom, and re-read it by the light of the candle, which glittered in the sea breeze. " hewas not lik'ely'to be troubled with many letter/3," he wrote, " being a lonely man and a stranger in a strange land." that was a strange thing to write to a boy. had he meant it for her eyes, she wondered. but that could not' make any difference. she couldn't write to him. " a lonely'man," howpathetic it sounded. r she knew ifehad few friends, kne* be was morbidly sensitive on the score of bis scarred face, and no w tom, with cruel schoolboy   carelessness, hadmade him think that she too shrank from him on that account,. she who-would have - liked nothing better than to hide that scarred face on her breast, and loved him all the better and more tenderly for it for dearlie eras a true wopnan, end there is something maternal in every .jtru$ woman's love. sorrow and sickness and pain but bind her more closely, and when a man might shrink away   • v, tr h,ad realll?id thftt> he nevftr coul(* have thou^ht 13 nil n hopelesb muddle, very hopeless, and ehe begin to take , n woman fi„d3 but another opportunity for showing the length and the depth   in horror, and be excused, „pemed to dearlie that tom's confidences to dunlop, bis mistaken   and the breadth of her love f h tom •*»"« .w i..   confidences, were the unkindest cut ot au.   she was in love with him. any 10 ^ be by puzzling over it he was a lonely man, down her hair wearily. 1 e ^ ghe c£)al(j not write hllbt but—bnt—it flashed he would get no letters. he w ^ ^ cbri8tma9 cat)j. surely he could not think any on her all of a eudden-tnigii ^ . th5ng lt meant so little, or it might mean so bmcb. harm of a christmas card, it was sorrento to-morrow, and buy one, and, ye, 8he would send quickly, wound up her busy bee clock, blew «tr«„x.'n5 'nip. jo. .w toide w,»nl,. loo, .i,„ tat "tap       chapter x miles dunlop kinds life somewhat unsatisfactory.   pdaptwh v.   miles dunlop kinds life somewhat unsatisfactory^   ' that iom la common would not make   mv own less bitter, rather more:   too common ! merer morning wore to evening but some heart did break."   10 evening uui» »u   —•*' id hemorum."   mileb dunlop found melbourne hot, dusty, and uncomfortable. the few people he did know had gone away for the holidays. he had nothing to do, no way to occupy himself, and he longed with a longing be found hard to conquer to go back to portsea, and to see dearlie nairn once again, if only for a moment he had nothing to do, for though be had proposed to buy a partnership in that well known firm of solicitors, grant, allen, and grant, the preliminaries were not yet concluded, and he did not intend to enter on his new duties till the second week of the new year. indeed, as he strolled listlessly up collins- street a day or two after his arrival in town, he was debating within himbelf as to whether he should not see grant, junior, tell him be had changed his mind, and atart for queensland forthwith. there was nothing t<*keep him in melbourne. he felt utterly dispirited and dnll—dull and hopeless—perhaps a change of scene might help him to forget—and then he half smiled to himself ab he remembered theold saying "about changing the place and keeping the pain." yes. he doubted not the pain would be with him wherever he went- he wpb too old to shake off a thing like that .lightly as a hoy. he would stay where he was, and see it out, he decided as he paused opposite mnllen's, and began mechanically reading the titles of the books in the windows. prettily illustrated children's books stood temptingly open, and he reflected with a sigh that such thing's conid have ho interest for him. he might send some christmas boxes to the young nairns though. presents of all kinds,he felt sure must be scarce with them, and he turned in, and was soon surrounded by so many books that choice be   came a matter of no small difficulty.   a friendly hand hit him on the bhoulder, and a triendly voice baid in his ear—   " why, bless my soul, dunlop, where did you spring from ? i pictured you recruiting by the sad sea wave, and here i find you in mullen's buried in the true story of cock fobin. how'a that? what baa driven you (o this mild and soothing form of literature, my friend ?"   "why, grant," said dunlop, dropping the book ebame-facedly, "i didn't know you were in town either. very pretty these children's books are nowadays, arn't they? i want to get some christmas boxes for some youngsters of my acquaintance, and i'm blest if i know what children like. i'm com pletely befogged. help me, there's a good fellow. you've half a dozen young shavers of your own,   haven't you ?"   grant, who was junior partner in the firm of grant, allen, and grant, and was a man bligbtly younger   than dunlop, laughed.   "well, my quiver is pretty full," he 6aid, "so according to the psalmist i ought to be blessed. presents, by jove, you will be a fairy godfather with a vengeance, and how old are these lucky   youngstere ?"   "i don't know. there's a boy about fourteen, and a girl of twelve, and two more bmaller boys and   a mite of a girl."   " bless my soul. someone"else is blessed too. well, i should think they were most of them too old for cock fobin. give the big boy a hook of adventure. pirates or red indians with lots of the noble savage and plenty of fighting and bloodshed ; and the girl—oh give her the same she'll enjoy it far more than one of those sweetly correct books written solely for the perusal of young ladies. give the two little boys knives or some sucli murderous instrument. the small child a doll. chuck in plenty ot lollies for the general benefit, and your name will be blessed in israel"   "thanks, i'll follow your advice to the letter. come and give me a helping band."   when the purchases were all made, carefully packed, and addressed, with strict orders that they were not to be forwarded till the day before christmas, the two men strolled up to the maison doree for   luncheon.   "and how are you going to spend the holidays, old man ?" asked grant, as they seated themselves at   a little table, and ordered their lunch.   dunlop started. he had been deep in thought, wondering if he might not send dearlie a little present   if it would not, in fact, look strange if he did not   "the holidays," he repeated. " oh, it's all holidays with toe just now, and i don't know what to do   with myself. i never was so sick of anything in my life. when yon came across me i was just medi tating whether i hadn't better pack up and clear oat for queensland. they say it's the coming colony.'*   " nonsense, man, victoria is the place for you. yon take my word for it. there's a grand time   coming for melbourne next year."   " is there?" said miles indifferently. he.had jubt decided he would send miss popbam, helen nairn, and dearlie each a present, and was wondering what form they bad better take.   "is there, man? why, of course, there is. can't you see for yourself what a prosperous people   we are. look here, old man, i believe you're ill."   miles thought a knitting basket would do for miss popham, a scent bottle for helen, and what for dearlie ? there were so many things he would like to give her. grant repeated his remark as a question.   "areyou ill?"   "who? i? no, of course not. what made you think that ?" " you're so deuced glum."   well, i'm a bit out of sorts, perhaps," assented miles, his mind wavering between a fan and a volume of tennyson, both of which he knew dearlie wanted.   " well, my dear fellow, if you haven't made any other arrangements for christmas, come down to us. we have a cottage at port albert, aud my wife '11 be awfully pleased to see you. it's a quiet little place, but there's plenty of shooting and fishing, and the change 'ii do you good."   "thank you," said miles, finally deciding on the tennyson, and much relieved thereby; "i'll come   with pleasure."   i m going down on the i4tb ; will you come with me ?"   i will, thankfully. it's exceedingly kind of you to abk me. if you knew how i have got to hate the   8treeta of melbourne."   you're out of sorts, man, but i really think port albert '11 set you up, it's so bracing."   it might have been bracing, but dunlop found it decidedly dull. there were not two hundred people in the place all told, even including the summer visitora ti-tree scrub was the sole vegetation, and dreary mud flats stretched out on every bide, mud flats which steamed and sweltered under the sun's hot rays. there was nothing to shoot, apparently, but bea-guiis, which, of coarse, were oat of the question, and though there might have been good fishing, indeed, he supposed there was, since his friend grant went out every day, and boasted every night of the hauls he had made; fishing, more especially deep-sea fishing, bad never recommended itself to him. mrs. grant was a pretty, fair, little woman, who had married at 17 before her education was completed, and at 30 miles found she had not an idea beyond her house and her children, and kindly and good as he acknowledged she was, grateful as he was for the hospitality which had included the lonely stranger in their christmas festivities, he more than once asked himself why he had not chosen rather to spend his holidays alone. mrs. grant belonged to that bomewhat numerous class of women who think a " change" is absolutely necessary to their well-being and that of their children. the change in the grants' case consisted in moving from their comfortable town bouse to a seaside cottage, and "doing" with one servant. the children, untidy little ragamuffins, for their mother seemed to think anything good enough for the seaside, rufed the roast. no room was safe from their intrusion, no place, no person, no thing did they hold bacred. they appeared at all meals, they partook of bread and jam at odd intervals, they wete sticky andfgreasy at all times, tbey submitted to no authority, were exceedingly rude when it buited them so to be, and gave their opinion on all subjects with a freedom which #as satisfactory, inasmuch as it bhowed a perfect confidence in its value, and a total absence of all fear. miles presumed his future partner was happy. at any rate, he looked content, and. gave no sign by which an outsider might have guessed that this was not bis ideal of bliss. a day or two of it drove miles wild with irritation. he took to strolling all day by the muddy, uninviting shore in order to escape for a brief space from the noisy, ill-regulated household, and in those lone and lonely walks realised more than ever that he hud indeed changed the place and kept the pain. melbourne had been bad enough, but port albert was ten times worse. by force of contrast, he supposed, every bonr.of the day mrs. grant seemed to remind him of his lost love. she appeared in a cotton gown, soiled, and torn, and tumbled, and he immediately thought of dearlie, fresh and sweet in her morning frock though be was very sure she bad not near so much money at her command as his hostess. that lady dismissed her offspring from the breakfast table with huge pieces of bread and jam still in their fingers, because bbe wished to get breakfast over quickly ; and her guest's thoughts immediately flew back to the portsea "breakfast table, where the elder sister exhorted her young charges to sit still till they bad done, and then carried them off to have their sticky fingers washed before anything or any person bad suffered from their contact. the grant children were continually reminding.him that his face was hideously deformed, not from any ill-feeling on their part, but simply because they had never been taught that'other people's feelingb should be considered, aud, accordingly, were in the habit of commenting on their friend's personal appearance in a manner that was truly appalling. dunlop remembered tom's frank school-boy comments on his appearance,'but he remembered, too, that they had been alone, and that he, in bis sensitive desire to know what others thought, had half invited them. nona of the other nairn children had either said or done anything by which he might know they considered , him different from other people.. and yet dearlie had said it made her shudder to look at his face. it was to her influence, he thought, he owed their forbearance. what influence   a good woman had, what power—and then, as he|went on',burning fresh incense at dearlie's shrine, be reflected he was hardly polite to hia hostess. she was good, too, he supposed. of coarse she was. there was certainly nothing bad about her. she was very fair to look upon. nothing conld exceed her kindness to him, and yet before the week was oat she had goaded him to buch a pitch of desperation that he wonld have given anything to get away. it took him all bis time to hide this desire from bis host, and he buoyed himself up with the hope that he might manufacture an excuse which should let him get away after christmas. before that he knew there was no hope. he had made so few friends in the colony, that a letter which might possibly be construed into a hasty summons to town was out of the question ; therefore, he had made up his mind to bear it as best be could, when his host unexpectedly came to his aid.   "i don't think yon are much better, dunlop," he said one morning at breakfast "1 thought the sea air wonld have set you up."   "sea air won't cure mr. dunlop's face," said georgie, a cheeky boy of 12, the eldest hope of the   family.   " 1 can't imagine, grant, why yoa think me ill."   " weil you are a very different fellow from what you were when first i knew you." "naturally. i was only a boy then. it's over twenty years, remember."   "god bless my sonl, is it, really ? well, but somehow you are different from what you were when   first yon came to melbourne."   " ma says," etrnck in george, who had been listening intently, " you're in love ; and of. course the girl won't.have you cos of your scars."   the shaft struck right home, and miles was so staggered that at first he could find no words to carry   on the conversation.   grant seemed to wake up to the fact that his son was exceedingly rude, and ordered sternly—   " leave the room, georgie," an order which that yonng gentleman deferred obeying till some more   convenient date.   "oh ! mr. dunlop, georgie makes a mistake," murmured mrs. grant, abashed. "you needn't be angry with the poor thing, dick, and spoil his holidays. he didn't mean to he rude, and if you're cross   he'll get to hate you."   grant tamed impatiently from his wife and son, and said again to dunlop— " well; what is the matter with you ?"   miles wished to heaven they would not discuss him thus publicly.   " it's very good of you, grant," he answered irritably, " to worry about me, but i'm perfectly well.- a little out of sorts, perhaps. i never could stand the heat, bat otherwise i'm all right. not even in love, bb mrs. grant suggests."   " i did not that was all georgie's fancy."   " 'twisn't. you did say so, ma," remarked georgie, not to be suppressed, and miles felt his fingers itching to box his ears. his parents, however, did not seem to think that the remark called for cor* rection, and grant went on—   "you ought to come out fishing with me. a blow would do you good."   "it's very kind of you, grant, but—well, really, you know, i can't fish." " come for a sail, then. there's a nice breeze to-day."   "thank you. it would be very nice, but don't let me interfere with your fishing."   "i wasn't going to fish to-day. the children are wild to go for a sail. so if you'll come and help us we'll be delighted."   miles had not bargained for the company of the small fry, but was obliged to feign a pleasure he did not feel, and a6ked, by way of saying something, "do you ever sail round the promontory?"   " no; that wonld be dangerous. the seas there are the worst on the coast, and my boat is too small."   "yes; i suppose it would be risky, bnt that old bkipper mackenzie was great on the grandeur of the scenery about wilson's promontory. he wanted to know if i wouldn't come with him the next time he   came to melbourne."   "well, why don't yon?" it'll be anew experience if you don't mind roughing it mac's a decent old chap, and the two brothers is reckoned the fastest schooner on the coast."   " oh ! i'd like it well enough. but heaven knows when these schooners sail." "the two brothers will sail directly after the new year."   "the new year ! ob, lord! you'll be sick of me long before then." " nonsense, man. you won't dream of leaving us before, i hope."   "you are very kind," murmured miles, wondering how on earth he was to get away. no reasonable excuse offered itself. he was most unwilling to offend his kindly host, who had been hia school chum at rngby, and so before he rose from the table he found he had promised, mnch to his own chagrin, to stay till the two brothers took in her cargo of produce and set sail for melbourne.   that evening he went down on the little pier and interviewed mackenzie, skipper and owner of the two brothers, and after he bad taken his passage found greatly to his relief that he hoped to sail oil the 24th. he went back and informed grant, feeling horribly guilty as he reflected with what gladness he hailed the fact that only two more days remained to be got through. mrs. grant thought her husband's friend nicer than ever, and was greatly concerned at his going away " in a wretched uncomfortable fishing-boar, and so soon, too." miles listened to her regrets at bis sudden departure, and inwardly prayed that nothing might occur to put it off. he watched the wind with a new- born eagerness, and felt   t i)hi a wswwind would plunge him into the depths of despair. but saturday nv mine, tne 24th december, dawned bright and hot, with a gentle breeze from tne east, cad milea packed hib traps and felt happier than he bad done since tie lelt portsea. lie was just drawing together the last strap when georgiegrant burst into the room, as usual dispensing with the merely formal ceremony of knocking.   " here's two letters lor you, just come," he said. " ma says they're from girls."   " thank you, my boy. you needn't wait." and georgie left the room reluctantly. i   miles took up his letters. they were both directed in unknown hands, and he turned them over curiously before opening tbem.   "from portsea, by jove !" and bis heart beat high, though he could hardly have said himself what he hoped for. " well, this is only a card, at any rate. who sends me cards, 1 wonder*;"   it was only a little picture of a rocky coast with the sea heating up against   it. it had reminded deailieof the back beach and of london-bridge, and i   she had sent it, half hoping, perhaps, it would remind him of the same place. !   it would not do to he sentimental, she thought, 60 she had chosen one without any printed words attached, and on the back she bad written—   " 1 hope you will have every happiness in the coming year," and 6igned her name, " dearlie nairn."   miles smiled a little bitterly.   "dear little girl," be thought, "she meant it kindly, no doubt, but she must know only too well there can he no happiness for me without her. or, perhaps, she meant it in a daughterly way." and he llupg poor dearlie's innocent card down on the table angrily. " now, who is the other   from ?"   opening the envelope a somewhat grubby sheet of paper fell out, written til over in a round school-hoy hand—   " lonsdale hotel, portsea, december 15.   " my dear mr. dunlop,—thank you so much for the lines. they are stunning. we went out fibhing last night of the pere (can't spell it), an caught fifteen leather-jackets. i wish you was here, and then if you'd take us out in a boat we might get flathead. 1 went with black jo yesterday in his boat down to xepean it wab grand he let me sail it. dearlie said 1 wasn't to say that about you taking us in a boat, so perhaps you hadn't better tell her. she was mad when i said i told you that about your face snaking ber shudder. she eaye she never said it at all, it was nell an she cried, like anything. at least i think she did. it was dark and i couldn't see. ckpriie dalrymple chucked her up after all. he's gone clean back to nell, and i believe there engaged. their was a row in the bar last night moses has got "   here mr. toin's effusion stopped abruptly, and another hand—a good, firm, strong woman's hand—had finished:—   "this letter will never reach you unless some kindly individual comes to the rescue. it lias been lying about for the last week, and though i have beard dearlie exhort tom several times to finish it, his energies beem to have been exhausted by the first page. having taken the liberty of reading it, i have come to the conclusion that a few explanatory words from me will not be amiss—in fact, i think they are rather necessary. i don't remember making any rude remarks about your personal appearance. if i did, i am sorry ; hut of one thing i am very sure, and that is. dearlie never did. i expect that astute young brother of mine was about right in aaying she 'cried like anything' when bbe thought you could believe that of her. as for that other remarkable communication about 'charlie dalrymple having chucked her up after ail,' i must confess i hardly understand it. i may tell you, though, that for once in his life mr. torn is right, though his com munication was somewhat premature. 1 an engaged to mr. dalrymple, but we only told the rest of the world last night. i don't suppose i should have told yen now, only tom appears to have been pouring confidences into your ears, and ) know nothing would make my sister more angry than to know that her name had been coupled with mr. dairy tuple's. neither of them ever dreamt of such a thing. i should think you must find melbourne very hot. you ought to come hack here. the weather has been just delightful. i must apologise for the dirty paper; it is tom's fault. i ouly meant to put explanatory notes to his epistle, and they have etretchedout into quite a long letter.   " with the beet of good wishes for christmas and the new year, i am, yours sincerely.   " 22nd december." " helen nairn.   "she needn't have apologised," thought miles; "it is the most welcome letter 1 ever received in my life," and he put the grimy pages that brought him such life and hope to his lips. he picked up the card be had flaug aside and studied it carefully. "my darling," he said, aloud ; "did she think it would remind me ot portsea? i must go back at once."   then us be remembered miss popham's overheard remarks he doubted •gain for a moment, but only for a moment   " pooh ! what a fool i have been ! i ought to have remembered before that listeners never hear any good of themselves. i'll go back at once and try my lack like a man. what if i am middle-aged and ugly, and not ov £ rich, if site likes me ? she cried, did she ? my darling; god bless ber 3" and miles whistled a cheery tune to himself as he put the finishing touches to his preparations for departure, and came out of the bedroom with so radiant a countenance that grant looked up in astonishment, and   remarked—   "hallo, dunlop 1 what's happened? you're as skittish as a two year-old."   "oh, nothing; at least— well, i have heard some very good news, and i want to get up to town at once. when does the coach start? "   "it went at eight o'clock this morning, my friend, so you'll have to con tent your soul in peace till monday."   "confound it! just my luck."   " why not stick to the 'two brothers'? the wind is fair and she'll pro bably be in by monday night."   "do you think they'd drop me at queensclift?" miles didn't like to say portsea. it seemed to him grant would have guessed at once if he had.   "yes, of course; a very good idea.. yon can get the train there and save beating np the bay. well, we shall miss you, but if you must go, djnlop, i think it's time you started."       chapter xi the wreck of the two brothers.   ciurier xl   the wreck of the two brothers.   " the ship hangs hovering on the verge ol death."—faicoxbil   the "two brothers" was a topsail schooner of 110 tons harden. she was deeply laden, for the harvest ronnd port albert was jost in coarse ot being shipped to melbourne as qaickly as possible. mackenzie had told   donlop that hie cargo would consist of produce, and miles, seeing in hib mind's eye hay and corn smelling of the freeb earth and burning sun, thought it would be no hardship to spend a day or two with such a freight in close proximity. when, however, he went down to the wharf with his.jtraveliing bag, prepared to embark, he found the rest of the produce also being shipped, and was not beat pleased to find it consisted of a deck cargo of pigs. grant wonldhave had htm change his mind at the eleventhbour and retnra to his hospitable roof, bnt miles felt that almost anything was pre*   ferable to another two days at seaview cottage. therefore he heartily1 thanked his friend tor his kindness, stepped aboard with a grateful heart, and proceeded to take possession of the remarkably small quarters placed at lib disposal.   "well, skipper," he said, laughing, "it's deuced lucky i'm only 5ft. 9in. if 1 were fitt. i'd have to sleep with my feet outof the port-bole."   "kb, na,"said the ola scotchman, solemnly;"dinna fash yereelf. i would na bae ta'en ye an' ye were aae lang."   "thanks be to my inches then. when do yon think we'll reach mel bourne!"   "if the wind holds—an' i see unreason why it should na—on monday night."   •• ^aua— well, the factoftiie jnatterie, iwimt togetaebore at porleea..j   to gftghme there !"   tbeiiflv&w;! vitaiefl'the .swv'y-ctt ixiirb rtip   thxoughibe water. the crew consisted oltwo men and a boy, whose dnttec   appeared multifarious and interchangeable, all except those of the boy, who acted the part of cook and steward in his own small person. everything was rough, of course, exceedingly rough, but miles was not inclined to grumble at that, and when the wind increased, and blew steadily and strongly from the east, he whistled cheerily to himself as he paced the length of the narrow deck, and thought of tom's welcome letter and helen's still more welcome postscript. if it should be true—if it should only be true—and he saw no reason to doubt the fact—then at least he had a fair field—and—and—well, spite of everything, he would win her if he could, and bsving come to this comfortable resolution, bib tune rose so cheerily above the shrieking of the wind in the rigging and the swish of the water along the side, that the skipper, who was taking a epell at the wheel,   felt impelled to remonstrate.   " llech, sirs, hanua we enough o' wind that ye maun needs whustle that   gate ?"   "do you really think it will have any effect, skipper? liao i'll whistle all   the more. i'm very anxious to reach porteea."   " i'm thinkin 'tis a bonnie lassie maun hae baud o' your tow ropes, but i tellit ye an' we get ony mair wind it '11 be the waur for us. they pigs now —i dinua want the puir beastiea washed overboard."   " d the pigs !" said dunlop, preparing to turn in for the night. " we'll j   be in on monday night then, at the latest."   "at the verra latest ou ay the laes has baud o' the tow ropes," and with those words ringing in his ears, dunlop went to sleep, and dreamt that he had retired to rest on mrs. grant's pantry shelf among the breakfast cups, where the space was so limited, he dared not turn for fear of smashing something, and he spent an uncomfortable night, endeavouring to accom modate himself to the milk jug, and yet leave enough room tor the sugar   basin and teapot   next morning, christmas day, he was up betimes, and found that the wind bad moderated, and was now-blowing a gentle breeze still from the east. the sun was shining brightly, and every wavelet caught and reflected back bis rays. blue sea and blue sky were all around them, and just astern towered the grim headland of wilson's promontory, looking dark and for bidding in the morning sunlight.   " a flue day, skipper," he said, as the small boy kindly pumped the sea water over him. " a glorious day."   " h'tn," grunted mackenzie. " it might be waur. we'll hae mair wind, j though ; the glass is fa'in'. i dinna like the look o' things. we'll hae mair na a capl'u' o' wind the night, i'm thinkin'."   " so it blow from the right quarter, i don't care," said dunlop, rubbing his   face with a rough towel.   " weel, weel," and the cautious skipper shook his bead, "we shall see." j but as the day advanced the wind dropped till it was almost a calm, and so slowly the little schooner moved through the water that miles, gazing up at her expanse of canvas, snow-white against the blue sky, paced her decks impatiently, wished himself on shore, and more than once called the skipper's attention to the fact that his whistling bad had no effect what ever, but the old scotchman only bade him " bide a wee," and declared it was " a gude thing to hae the sawbatb in peace," it it did blow a gale on the   morrow.   towards evenine the wind gathered more to the south than ea6t, and blew strongly, 60 much so that the skipper took in his top s'les, and even then the little ship pitched aud tossed more than was pleasant, and miles found bis narrow bed more uncomfortable than ever. he consoled himself, how ever, with the reflection that it was the labt night, and—well, if all went as be hoped it would, he never expected to find himself aboard a small schooner again. in the morning the wind had not abated, but increased in fury, having veered to the west of south during the night, still dunlop felt comfortable, and consoled himself for a bad breakfast and worse midday meal by the reflection that evening would see him at portsea. when, how ever, be mentioned to the 6kipper mackenzie at once shook his bead, and explained that at the present rate of progress they were not likely to be off the heads till near midnight then dunlop, more disappointed than he cared to own, gloomily withdrew, and banging over the bulwarka,watched the green seas, which every moment threatened to engulf tbemr he watched the moon rise, a full round moon, which, however, failed to disperse the gathering clouds, and only occasionally shed her gleams 011 the angry sea. 'the light on cape schanck seemed to him remarkably close, but he con   cluded tb&t; the master probably underatood bis own business bebt, and ' going below tor an overcoat, for he felt it would be impossible to sleep in his narrow quarters through such a din, prepared to stop -ou deck till the storm should have passed away.   but as the night advanced things grew worse instead of better. orders of which even a landsman could not fail to sep the import were shouted in the skipper's stentorian tones—the crew rushed about obeying frantically   ibe m&ius;'ie blew away with a loud report—the broken ropes lashe f them selves like whips against the mast, and miles making his way to where the binnacle light shone out in the darkness, found himself close beside some one whose arm heygraaped, and asked anxiously,   " what the dickens is the meaning of this? i9 anything wrong?"   "wrong?" said the skipper's voice in tones of deepest despair, " wrang? we're rnnnin' ashore, man. god bave us all."   " bat—but—ijy god it is impossible. can't anything be done?"   " na, na, the rudder head and the mainviee gone, an' we'll be ashore in   a few minutes."   it seemed to miles incredible. not five minutes before he had not even dreamt of danger, and now here was the skipper informing him that they were being hurried to (mr destruction on an iron-bouud coast, without any possible hope of escape. the boats—they would not live a moment in such a sea, and hope of help from the shore seemed out of' the question. never theless, he asked doubtfully,   "couldn't we make our plight known on shore ?"   "there'snaebody to see,"said tbe old man sorrowfully. "but we can bnt try. whaur are they rockets, charlie? on ay in tbe cabin locker, ma lad, quick now."   two or three bright rockets whizzed ont on to the stormy night, and   dunlop asked again,   " where are we ? i teemed to see the coast quite plainly just now when the   moon came out of the cloud."   "ou ay, it's close handy. we're just aff london-bridge as they ca' it."   so near and yet so far. it was the bitter irony of fate, miles felt, as he peered out into the surrounding darkness, that had wrecked him on portsea back beacb. he had hoped to be there on monday nighty and behold bis hopes were being fulfilled to the very letter. when morning came, he and all with him would bave gone for ever. would theyonog naims when next tbey picnicked on that beach think of who lay beneath those white breakers. would dearlie give one kindly thought to the man who had thought so much other? he remembered tom's letter—*   "she cried like anything."   " my darling," be thought, "will she cry when she knows lam dead?" and be slipped bis hand into his breast pocket, and felt lying there tbe soft silken handkerchief she had tied round bis head neatly three weeks ago now, and which he had kept, foolishly be sometimes thought, for tbe sake of the gentle hands that had given it him. then he strained his eyes put landward again.   " skipper!" he shouted—" skipper, i see a light"   and as dearlie's fire momentarily increased and grew greater—a glowing spot on the anrronnding darkness, a glad, hopeful cry burst from tbe little crew. the skipper alone was despairing.   "theycanna help," he wdd, still clinging to tbe bpokca of tbewheel "the lifeboat canna win through the lttpon sic a night"   *' bnt tbe rocket —"   "at nepean, five miles awa'i na, nay, my lads," he aald, raising his voice, and trying to make himself heard above the howling of tbe storm, •' there's na hope o' help. prepare to meet your maker, look there,"   the tnoon came out from beneath tbe send of flying cloud, and miles saw looming close ahead the dark ontlines olajau&b; cliff, which towered above tbeimone mompnthe saw it quite dearly, and .then, almost before he had realised tbeir imminent danger, the little ebip strack with a sickening shock that flung hiin down on his face, heeled over, hod the waves broke cle&noverher;, t'• .....j   of 'self:preserve* j   tion heing.etrong within him, he gattaeredhlmself together and scrambled^ up (he electing deck till he reachtd the bulwarks, where he clung, with   every sea breaking over bin. the foremast had gone by the board tj the deck cargo of pigs, breaking loose from their pens, weresquealinta !* screaming and climbing one on top of the other in their frantic endeavon   to save themselves from drowning. at first -rs   cling on, expecting death every momen^ the ttmse aroni^is ittriim ' the creaking of timber*, the grinding of the wreckage againkt the ahih^ side, the howiingot the wind and the roaring of $he'ngbmfc ^e^nsis^f the terrified drowning animals fot'sid, ah combined 'to^te^hvflin aa deafened and confused him. then, as the death he expecteddid not com, he began to iook around him and wonder wbatliad become of his com panions. soon the two men and the boy joined him—drencbed, dripping* braised, and hopeless, but still-alive, and he shouteduntemciqusly to know wtere the skipper was. none could teii, and miles half-envied the old man that death had come to him so quickly and quietly, thelite on shore gleamed and glowed, and seemed to mock them'with its bright hopeful, ness, promising help where no faejp wm possible."'   brightly out for a moment, and dunlop, looking round himf aaw   jammed by a grating against the main hatchway. he seemi^l dead br m sensible, but miles calling the men's attention to his plighf^fieof iliem named thomson, scrambled over with him, and the two of themeucceeded in freeing the old man and bringing him bade-with them.   bim to the bulwarks. miles drew out his pocket-flask,and fi>i^i-«me whisky between his cold lips. it was bard work, clinging on ford^life, with the water washing over them every second, and when at lasjijthe skipper recovered consciousness he saw he was terribly hurt, and evidently so iil that spite of the lashing round him he could hardly hold himself up, and miles managed with infinite difficulty to support his head. '   "ye're gude, sir; verra gude and kind," said the old man, "buti bae made ma last v'yage, i'm thinking."   " no, no; cleer up. we can hold on now till the rockets come from nepean."   " no, na; she'll part amidships afore mornin', and they cannot bit us |n   dark."   "couldn't we send up another rocket, or a bine light, or-something," asked miles; but a great wave had passed over them, and the skipper was   insensible again.   "there'ssome blue lights in the cabin locker, i know," said one of the men. " l'u-try for 'em if 1 get a chance."   but the chance did not seem to come. the storm grew worse and worse as the night advanced. the seas broke over them every minute, and to leave their rentage point even for a moment seemed like conrtinc certain death. the pigs were all quiet lor'ard now—washed overboard most pro. bably, but the wrecked spars were still grinding against the side. miles felt that the skipper was still breathing, but he doubted if he were conscious^ and put his face down to try and catch the old man's words.   " ma god," he was muttering—" ma god, thou hast been verra gude to an auld man—verra kind an' thoughtfu'; but, lord, if ma time is come i am prepbrit, tor lotd, lord, i hae dune thy will, an' i shall na greet if this be th&end.; ma fife was aye a bit lonesome, lord, sin'thou'e ta'en the gude wiie an' the bairns, an' lord, lord, i'm we'aryfu', l —"   "man, man," said miles, " we will save you yet."   " na, na, i'm deein', man, i canna haud out lang. maybe the lord will gie ye yonr lives, but i'm deein', an' i dinna greet -—"   miles gave him his last drop of whisky, but lie grew feebler and feebler. his life was ebbing fast, and each wave, as it passed over them, left him leas able to bear up againbt the next, lie wandered in his talk, and spoke fondly to wife and children long since dead.   "'tis a bonny lad, gude wife," he said—"a bonny lad, an' it's a prood man 1 am the day. ay, bnt hand him np, haud him up; he's stretchin* oot his wee ban's to bis daddy."   then perhaps the sounds of the sea all around him brought into hie mind a snatch of an old shanty, and be murmured—   "oh. it's hnme, dearie, hame; it's hame i long to be '?—"   " wbaur am i!" he asked suddenly. "ah,"as he remembered, "mr. danlop, ye're main gude to an auld man. hae ye hame, or wife, or bairn ashore ?" ' ? ! '   " no, none."   "ah, weel, 'tis lonesome—and i eare na—how soon i gae. fare ye wed —but it may be we shall meet again to-night."   miles felt he was going fast, bat he could do nothing more than merely cramped and aching as he was in every limb—support him till the end. he   was a very dead weight now, and at last, bending over him in the darkness, ' he felt hie face icy cold, and called to the mau on the other side that he thought the skipper must be dead.   "dead,"said the other—"dead. well, it can't make much diflvrence. we're all in the same boat. oh, yes, he's dead, sure enough. poor old chap."   mites was very weary now ; almost spent; and each wave he thought would wash him overboard. still he cluug on, hoping against hope, no willing to resign the faint chance that still remained. there were three fires burning on the beach now, bright large fires, and the despairing men clinging to the wreck, cold, weary, and well nigh worn out, could even distinguish the dark figures that piled on fresh fuel. there were men fully aware oi their peril, men eager, anxious to help them; and yet how faraway they were. how cruel it beemed that they should thus perish wiobinsigbt of succour; the creaking and grinding of the timbers grew more terrible every moment, and at length the little schooner parted amidships, the fore part sank hack into deep water, and the after part, to. which they dnn& seemed to be slowly breakiog-np.   all dunlop's life seemed to pass before bim as « dream. he saw himself a boy again once more, at school with graut, playing football and cricket, and toiling through caesar. he was a young man in the bey-day of yonth, well-to-do and good-looking, and the world looked to him wonderfully fair as bis life stretched out before him. again, he saw himself a disappointed man—a heartbroken man, thinking bitterly that the world held nothing good for such as he, and yet again, there came to him the touch of dearlie'aaoft hand, the thought of her tears, and the desire and instinct of life rose strong   within him.   " my god," he prayed, " i mubt five—i mubt live—i cannot die. ob! god help me."   "thomson," be eaid, as the fact forced itself upon liia dulled senses, "she's breaking np fast."   " yes," said the man heavily, *' she can't last till morning."   " but—god i—is there no way ? can't we make a flare ? they might help us lrom the shore if they knew where we were."   " i'll have-a try for the blue lights," said the man, preparing to. let go his bold and make for the cabin. "may as well be drowned one way as   t'other."   a moment or two later he returned.   " here's the blue lights," he baid, " now we'll see."   brightly burned the light, sending ont its gbabtly glare over the raging waters, and a minuta-or two afterwards the despairing men saw. that their signal hod been seen and understood, for a rocket sped up from the shore and shot into the dark eky. a moment of breathless suspense, and then a groan burst from their lips as it fell abort. they horned another bine light, and another and another rocket sped on its way in vain.. then thgre was a pause. those on shore evidently despaired of reaching them, end miles, aa be felt the frail deck quiver and tremble beneath his feet, knew that nop moment might be their lash   "another light!" he urged, as the waves swept over them, "another fight! if they see it they'll try again."   another rocket, leaving a trail of sparks behind it, and this time it went beyond the vessel, the thin line fell between miles and thompson, end the latter caught it and made fast.   eagerlythey drew in the fine, the rope, the hawser, end as the cradle reached them e cheer went up,   "now, now," cried miles, "the boy first; the. hoy, he'sbalf dead   already."   " as, the cradle-returned to them thompson suggested that dnnlop should   go next,   "a matter of a few minutes 'ii see ns ali sate," he said, "end yoenint accoatomed-to this work; you go next"   "theekipper-*—   " we'll send him after you, in case—hot ifhlnkhe's deed. nor«   •in* .   6o miles let go bis hold, got into the cradle, shut his eyes as he felt himself swung out over the boiling sea, and then after what seemed to him an' interminable interval, telt himself caught by strong hands and drawn op on to dry laud. . :   he was dizzyand dazed, and the bright firelight dazzled him, but some' kindly hand forced brandy upon him. then, as his senses came back to him, he heard a clear boy's voice he knew right well say—   " why, if it ain't mr. dunlop j dearlie, dearlie, dearlie 1 we've saved   mr, dunlop."       chapter xii a lonely watch.   chaptjjb xii,   a lonely watch.   •' next him, high arbiter,   chance governs ejl."—milton   «»dearlie, dearlie ! i say, dearlie, ate you asleep?"   tom was knocking at deatlie'a bedroom door and calling to her in low bat   energetic tones so as not to arouse the rest of the house. it was the night of the 26th december, and the wind was blowing a perfect hurricane round the hotel. it was howling and shrieking in every cranny and corner, and dearlie thought at first that tom's energetic knocks were but another phase of the storm. christmas had had but one bright spot for her, and that was the arrival of the box containing dnniop's presents. the children had been wild with delight. miss popharn aud helen had been pleased and gratified, and her own pleasure had been unspeakable. helen bad for once broken through the reserve that had arisen between them, and thinking of her own letter, not unnaturally prophesied that duniop would be down that day. the steamer was late, and dearlie, waiting anxiously with a beating heart, scanned thefacesof the new arrivals,"but though many men came down for their holidays, he was not amongst them. christmas day brought a fresh batch of excursionists, hut still the one loved face was not there, and dearlie crew sick'with the bitterness of hope deferred. she looked white and ill, with dark rings round her eyes, on monday morning, and her aunt wondered what was the matter with the child, and sent to melbourne for a tonic. dearlie smiled at the thought of a tonic as a cure for the heartache, but said nothing, and went down to the pier with the rest of them to see the old williams come in with a load of excursionists. the water is so shallow and the pier so awkwardly built at portsea that it is but seldom a steamer comes in only on high days and holidays, and then ail the inhabitants turn out, according to the custom of seaside places, to see it. dearlie looked eagerly at the people crowding the gangway, and then half smiled as bbe reflected it was a bootmakers' picnic, and duniop was not likely to he there. but when he did not come by the ozone in the afternoon site gave up hope— the hope that had been far stronger than she imagined—and only longed to creep away and cry out her disappointment all by herself. but such a course was impossible. no one is less alone than the daughter of a large family. she lives, as it were, with the eyes of her brothers and sisters always upon her. she is not free for a moment, and dearlie was no exception to the rule. her bedroom she shared with her two younger sisters, and until they went to sleep she must be smiling and happy, ready to answer childish questions and sympathise with childish woes. even when they were asleep she was hardly mistress of her own actions, for winny shared her bed, and she could not toss and turn as her restlessness prompted her to do tor fear of waking the child. she could only lie and stare at the ceiling, listening to the howling of the wiud, and wiping away every now and then the tears that would come despite common-seuse views and all resolu   tions to the contrary.   at first she did not hear tom's knocking, or thought it hut part and parcel of the storm outside, but, at last, a louder and more impatient— "dearlie, i say," made her start out of bed and open the door.   she looked very pretty as she stood there in. her long white dress, holding the flickering candle in her hand.   "is it you, tom? i thought so. come in quick, or the wind 'ii blow the   candle out."   " crumbs! ain't it a night?" said tom, who was tally dressed, coming in and shutting the door behind him. " i didn't think you'd be undressed so early."   "early! it's after 12."   " is it? well, look here, i came in to see if you'd go to the back beach ; the surf will be grand."   ' tom, it's so late." "it's full moon." " but, aunt "   "oh, hang aunt pop. we'll slip out quietly ; and who's to know we've been out at all ? get into your things now, and i'll wait for you at the bottom of the stairs. and, i say," be added, putting his head in at the door again, "never mind you bat, it'll only he blown to kingdom come in next to no time. 'tie a handkerchief over your head. don't be all night nowwith which parting injunction he banged the door so hard that dearlie made sure her sisters would wake. on the whole, she would have been rather glad if they had, for the midnight excursion did not recommend itself to her very highly; and she would gladly have backed out of it had it not been for fear of offending tom. it would never have occurred to him to show the like consideration for her, and she would not have expected it of him. men rarely guess how often their sisters and wives give upamalt desires for their sakes; so tom growled at the time dearlie kept him waiting, though she bad not been the ten minutes he himself had allowed ; and it never once occurred to him that it was against her will she accompanied him at all. once outside the wind was so strong she felt she never could accomplish that half hour's walk through the heavy sand that lay between them and the back beach. it was lull moon ; hut driving clonds, which were racing across the sky before the furious wind, obscured its light, and the way before them looked dark and lonely.   "ob, tom," said dearlie, struggling to keep1 down her skirts, "it's awful, hadn't we better go back   " what rot! it's not going to rain. come on, we'll be down in the hollow presently, and in the scrub you won't feel the wind."   so dearlie bent to it bravely, but by the time they had got as tar as the old black man's cottage she repented once more, and wanted to retrace her bteps; but tom was marching steadily on ahead, and paid no heed to her feeble protests. down in the hollow beyond baptist's cottage the wind, as he bad prophesied, was not quite so strong, but still it howled and shrieked around her, and certainly gave her no time for reflectiona of any sort once in the shelter of the scrub, she insisted on sitting down for a moment to rest; and when they went on again, took care to keep close to tom, for the ti-tree and the wild currant bushes that made up the dense scrub looked indescribably weird and lonesome, now sharp cut and clear in the moonlight, now, as a cloud obbcured the moon, uudistinguishabie in the gloom. aa they approached nearer the ridge which bid the sea, the booming hollow roar of   the breakers almost drowned the howling of the wind ; hot even now dearlie |   would have turned back bad she dared. the loneliness, the noise, the moonlight alternating with darkness, filled her with awe unspeakable: she felt as in a dream, and would gladly have wakened to find herself safe in bed beside winny. as they reached the top ol the rise that overlooked the southern ocean, a magnificent spectacle burst on their view. the southerly wind bad lashed the sea into fury, the immense waves broke on the beach with a roar like thunder. the fitful moonbeams every now and then made all things bright as day, tipped every wave with eilver and white, and lent an unearthly beauty to the huge rock to the left of them, which all visitors to portsea know as london-bridge; though it might just as well be called the great pyramid. it was floodtide now, and the water entirely surrounded it, breaking high against its iron sides and whiriiug roaring through thames tunnel   "how, dear, was it worth coming to tee?" shouted tom, to make his   voice heard above the din.   she nodded her head, and slipped her hand through his arm, for ahe could not shake off the senee of awe and tear that waa upon her, and rather thought to herself she would enjoy it a great deal more to-morrow morning.   "ob, tom, tom,1" she hod had to put her mouth close to his ear, " think iff the poor fellows at tea."   "crumbs! they're all right what a silly you are i"   the moment was not favourable for conversation, but dearlie made •bother effort   "thoee off this coast. i mean."   " well, they're affright, tooi bet you sixpence. don't you think nation know their own business ? come down on the beach.'   " no, no. we can see better here. don't you think we'd better go home   now.'   "ina minute. i bay, isn't it jolly? what would aunt pop say ? crumbs!   wouldn't she be in a wax?"   ''she is kind, tom," remonstrated dearlie, who, ever since that glimpse behind the scenes, had bad a more tender feeling for her aunt, and thought pitifully of her spoiled life; "she does mean to be kind."   " oh, i dare say, but —>. hi, heigh, look at the falling star."   "tom, tom," cried dearlie, in an agony of terror, "it wasn't a star, it   was a rocket."   "gammon 1 ltocket, your grandmother! where'd a rocket come from   out there?"   "from a ship—a ship. oh, and she's driving on these cruel rocks. oh, the poor things, the poor things ; god be pitiful to them ! there is no help on such a night" and dearlie's pent up feelings fonnd vent in tears and sobs as she flang herself on her knees and wrung her hands.   " you're right, dear. by jove i there's another. my! that went high ! but it's no good. they must be drowned for a certainty. there isn't a boat, and it 'ud only be dashed to pieces if there was."   " oh, tom, all the cheviot people weren't drowned." " no; but '   " the soldiers brought rockets from nepenn, tom, couldn't we go for   the soldiers now ?"   " it's eix miles there. we'd better go and rouse out portsea first." " aud leave those poor souls to die alone ? oh, tom!"   " well, we can't help that. it's . oh, crumbs! of course we can light a fire. it mayn't do much good, but -   " it'll let the poor-souls know some one's thinking about them, and they're not quite alone. but, the wood, tom—the wood and matches v"   "plenty of driftwood on tne beach, dear., and i've got matches. come on, old girl, we'll work like niggers, and when the fire's alight you can stop and mind it, and i'd cut away to portsea."   dearlie never quite knew how it was they managed to build that fire so quickly. they raced down the steep, sandy hillside, and she entirely forgot her former fears as .she searched eagerly along the bhore for wood. they found plenty, spite of the uncertain light, and piled it up in a great heap on the beach as near as they dared to the. hillside. tom was for building their fire on their former vantage point, but dearlie, thinking of the furious gale that was howling ronnd them, feared leat they bhonld set fire to the scrub, and thus involve the whole peninsula in danger &n;^ difficulty. some of the wood was heavy and awkward, and in cold blood sbe knew she never could have stirred it, but excitement lent her strength, and soon their fire was ready for kindling.   " i'll break up this cask," ahonted tom, " it's jolly rotten, and by jingo won't it burn. come and shade me from the wind, dear. hang it all, what a brutal night," as one match after another went out in the wind. "i've only two more left. ah, there now," asthe tiny flame caught atlast the dry le&vea; and pine wood splinters ; "there now, i believe it's going to bnrn."   they crouched down closely over the slowly increasing flame to keep the wind away till their fire should have gained strength enough to profit by it, and dearlie, looking over her shoulder, saw another rocket cleave through the sky and drop with a bhower of sparks, it seemed quite close to her.   " poor souls, poor souls !" she said, " ah, tom, if we can only save   them."   "we'll do onr best," said tom, who was wild with excitement, and felt like a hero already. " there, dear—there's your fire fairly caught now. look out for your dress. hurrah, there we are ' crumbs, you could see it twenty miles away! now i'd better be off."   once it had a good hold on the drift wood dried by the summer sun, the furious wind but fanned the fire to greater fierceness, and it leaped and danced, and caught at the brushwood brother and sister kept piling on the j flames, dimming the moonlight, and making a brilliant epot against the dark   hill side.   "i'd better go," said tom again. "poor beggars, they've given up the rockets. i guess they haven't got any more. dear, you'll stop and mind the fire. yon won't be frightened, wiil you ?"   " n—n—o," said dearlie doubtfully. " run, tom, run, be as quick as you   can."   . she watched him till be disapneared over the hill, and then set to work with a wiil to gather fresh brushwood, and to search more eagerly than ever for pieces of wreckage to keep up the fire. she could not help feeling lonely and frightened, the only living creature it seemed on ail that desolate coast, ber only company the crackling fire and those drowning sonls far out at sea. it would be nearly an hour before anyone could join her, she reflected. if only they might be saved—if only—would prayers of hers avail she wondered—but she must keep the fire up—she had no time to kneel ana pray, and then she remembered tom's school motto—the motto he was so proud of, "laborare est orare." "to labour is to pray." well she would work hard enough if god would only give her those men's lives, and sbe toiled on bravely through those minutes which seemed to fly on leaden wings. even now tbey might be beneath those btormy waters never more to be seen of men till the sea should give up ber dead, and she strained her eyes seaward, the moon emerged from a hying cloud, and as she wiped the spray from her eyes she thought she saw on the crest of a wave a dark lump   whicn to her unaccustomed eyes might have been anything from a fishing j   boat to an ocean steamer. then with another reflection on her helpless ness she turned to her work again. the wind was chill, though it was the end of december, but dearlie did not feel it exertion and excitement bent the blood bounding through her veins, and she was soon glad enough to (ling off the jacket she bad battened so closeiy round her when first she set out. her hands were torn and scratched, aud her limbs were beginning to ache with the unaccustomed labour ; still she kept ber fire up. where was tom? oh, where could he have got to ? she pictured him stumbling and falling in his headlong race through the scrub, spraining bis ankle, breaking his leg perhaps. should she not go in search of him ? then just as she was preparing to start, a shout from the hill above made her look up, and to her intense relief a little knot of men came rushing down to her. tom, breathless and wild with excitement, led the way, and the others followed—half a dozen men from the hotel, and the rest fishermen, who had been roused by tom's frantic cooees.   " we've sent to nepe&n;, dear," he shouted breathless as lie reached his sister's side. " it's all right the soldiers have & rocket or some jimmy fixing of that sort there, and they'll be here soon."   " it's five miles," sighed dearlie, sitting down and leaning back against the hillside. plenty of willing hands were there now to take her place, and the fire was blazing and crackling away bravely. an old fisherman came and stood beside ber, and putting up his hands to shade his face from the wind, strained his eyes out into the darkness.   " can you see her, mr. williams?" asked dearlie eagerly. "i thought i could just before the moon went under a cloud.'   "ay—ay, missie, she's there sure enough. i seed ber mysel' a minute back. sbe ain't very big, i'm thinking—a ketch or a schooner maybe. she've got on the tail of the reef beyont london-bridge, and you couldn't hardly see her if the moon was bright, for the waves i guess is just   abreakin' clean over ber."   "isn'tthere a lifeboat?" asked dearlie, who, woman like, considered that a lifeboat must necessarily inaure safety.   "ay, miss, at qaeenscliff, and they might ha' seed the rockets just as you seed 'em, but lord love you, missie, a boat couldn't live here let alone the fact that they couldn't get through the rip on a night like this with the wind   in their teeth."   " then—then taust they drown ?"   "no—no. god forbid i if they can only bang oh till it's a bit light, we'll get a line aboard, please god."   it was astonishing how the news of the wreck seemed to have spread. the number of the people on the beach was increasing every moment. there were several women among them how, and dearlis from her vantage point noted dr. o'hea in a somewhat incongruous costume, consisting of over coat, smoking cap, and pyjamas, rushing about directing the building of a fresh fire. with him was young dalrymple, and that young man in the ex citement of the moment forgot their present strained relations, and dropped into the easy familiarity of former days.   " why, dear," be said, "they tell me you stopped and kept that fire op all by yourself. what a plucky little beggar you are." '   and dearlie smiled in epite of herself. less than a month ago she hat. been "my dearest" and "my darling';" that very morning it was "mite nairn" in coldest tones, and now it was "dear, you plucky little beggw."   how slowly the night wore on. the people sat about in groups sheltering as well as they could from the storm which showed ho signs of abating.' there were three bright fires blazing now on the beach, fed by eager helpers,   who felt sadly it was the only thing they conld do, and who trusted that the' beacon lights might bring some spark of hope to fainting hearts. from the wreck came no more rockets—no sign of life—all on board might long ago have gone to their last account, and only some of those watchers'were able to cheat themselves into the belief that they, like williams, saw a dark mass out beyond london-bridge.   the soldiers came at last, after what seemed an interminable time, though iu reality it was barely two hours since tom had' given the alarm at portsea,   "more than an hour to wait," said dr. o'hea, with a sigh. " we'can't do any more until daylight nnlesb they give us a sign from the ship. the boys have everything ready to throw a line, if only we knew where to throw it;' but they're as silent as the grave."   " doctor, they may be all dead," said dearlie, in an awed tone.   "faith, no, bweetebt girl; it takes a lot to kill a man. lie's a tough sort of customer—sailors especially—and i'll be bound they'll all turn up alive. there 1 look at that now. what did i tell ye?"   a burst of wild cheering broke from the crowd as a bright blue light was burned out on the darkness.   "now, now," shouted the men, and another wild hurrah rang out as a. rocket rushed out seaward, leaving a trail of sparks in its course. dut they had miscalculated the distance—the wind was against them—and as the rocket fell short a groan took the place of the cheer.   "again, again; try again, they're burning another light, poor   and again and again and again they tried, and failed each time.   "i think we'd better wait till it's lighter," said the man in charge. "i really think we had. we can't judge the distance in thedark."   " they're burning another light," cried twenty voices at once.   "they're afraid she'll break up. she can't last till morning, a bit of a thing like her. try agaid," urged the fishermen, who spoke with bome knowledge; "try again."   so the order was given, and once more the fiery messenger sped forth on. its errand of mercy. there was a momentary pause—an awful pause—for everyone knew that if they failed this time they must wait for the daylight,   and the fishermen freely expressed their opinion that long before daybreak: there wonld be no one left to save. a moment passed, and then the soldier announced in terms of suppressed excitement—   "they've got it!"   such a cheer as rose on the air. high above the howling of tiie storm it   rose. those half-drowned sailors out in the breakers beyond london-bridge. might almost have heard it. breathlessly they watched as the light line (lew out and was replaced by a stout rope, and that again by a hawser strong enough to bear a man's weight.   "they're knowledgeable men aboard, missie," said old williams to dearlie. "there goes the cradle. when it comes back we'll know all. about it." v ?   it came back almost quicker than she could have thought possible, and twenty willing men rushed down into the burf and carried up to the fire the. slight figure of a boy, half drowned and half dead with fear. they poured, brandy down his throat, and anxiously questioned him as to the ship and   her crew.   '"the two brothers,'from port albert with produce," be managed to. gasp at lash   " and the crew —the others ?"   the cradle was on its second journey back now, and halt the people ran down to meet it, while the rest crowded round the boy.   "iiow many are they?" they asked.   "there was four more," lie said, "but i think the skipper's gone. there's a gent aboard—a core us wanted to get ashore at portsea, and he'il have bis   wish."   the cradle had reached the shore again now, and wet and weary, blinded with the salt water, and dazed by the glare of the firelight, dunlop was helped to land. strong arms held him up, some kindly hand offered him a flask of brandy, and then as the firelight tell full on his drenched and dripping form tom caught bight oi him and shouted in his excitement—   " why, it's mr. duniop! dearlie, dearlie, dearlie, we've saved mr. dunlop i"       chapter xiii there is peace and happiness in your hand.   chapter xiii.   *' there is tea.ce and happiness in tour hana"   *' 0, that 'twere possible,   aiter ion? grief and pain,   to find the aruis of my true lore round me oucc again.''   —tessvsos.   half an hour before miles bad braced to meet wl:at seemed like certain death, and even now, as be stood there safe on the beach by the blazing fire looking at the crowd ot eager people, it seemed to him more like a dream than when he had stood on the slanting deck over yonder, out among the raging breakers, listening to the dying skipper, watching the furious seas, or half mechanically noting the clouds that scurried across the sky, and yet here was tom nairn hugging him like a lunatic and crying out again—   "dearlie ! dearlie ! come here. we've saved mr. dnnlop."   she ran forward with outstretched hands—hands that were scratched and bleeding, but the firelight only showed miles a fair face, wistful and anxious, with a world of love and tenderness she forgot in her gladness tc bide in her blue eyes—eyes that surely told him how blind he had been, fcr as she put her band in his he clasped his own over it fondly, and whispered, spite of the people around—   "my darling! my darling! i have thought of nothing but you all night."   the cradle coming ashore with another man claimed the people's atten tion, and miles, with dearlie's band still in his, drew her out of the circle of light into the friendly darkness. it was hardly the place or time for love making, acd yet—and yet be was needed by his comrades no longer; his anxieties were over, and he drew her under the shadow of the cliff with a thankful heart.   " thank god i" he said, under bis breath; " thank god ! i never dreamt of such happiness as this," and dearlie hardly knew whether he was thanking ilim for her presence or his own safety, or both. site wanted to speak—wanted to say something—but her heart was too lull. all her sorrow of the past three weeks, her heart-breaking hope of the last day or two, the anxiety of the last few hours, came before her as she stood there by dunlop'a side with her hand fast clasped in his. the wind blew hec hair acrcss his shoulder and face, as it had done on that morning more than three weeks ago now, when he had left her. he had made a mistake then ; was he reading her aright now? he put his arm round her waist and   drew her close to him.   "my darling'," he murmured, low, but dearlie heard it, spite of the rac ing storm; "my own little darling" and she felt his heart beating so furiously she must have been dense indeed if she did not understand that this was no kindly friendship he was offering her,   •< i_i "—she began, and then she hid her face on his breast, sobbing as if her heart would break:   "don't—don't cry," and dunlop brushed the bair from her face, end kissed eyes and lips with all the passion he had pent up so long.   "i—i—it has been snch a long night; but if i had known you were there   " sobbed dearlie incoherently, utterly nnable to control herself. *' and would you have eared? could you have eared?" *' cared! surely you know i cared."   " i love you so—but—but—i am old, and worse than ugly."   she put her arms xound his neck of her own free withdrew his head down, and kissed his scarred face lovingly.   "i love you; yon must know i love you, ton are not ugly, tmdjrou arc not old; you are all the world to me."   "oh, child, and i have been breaking my heart about you tor the last three weeks. i though you would marry dalrymple. i overheard your aunt say so one night. tom told me the same thing, and so i cleared out— bimply because i could not bear to see it."   "silly fellow," she whispered fondly. "i though you went because you saw 1 loved you, and you didn't love me in return. 1 have been so ashamed. i—i thought i could never be happy again."   he pressed her closer to him.   "ob! crumbs; 1 say, you two, what are you doing?" tom nairn's voice was the first intimation they had of his most unwelcome presence, and dearlie and miles sprang guiltily apart   "your sister is tired, tom," said miles awkwardly.   "tired, by jingo, i should think so; bo's everybody else. they're all safe ashore now, and we're going home."   "yes, of course," said miles tamely, feeling somehow as if he had lived a lifetime, during which he had entirely neglected his comrades in   distress.   " they're all bate, tom ? " he asked anxiously.   " all but the poor old skipper, and he was dead before they took him off. they're taking him up to the hotel for the inquest."   "god rest bis boui," said miles, thinking of the past hours, which seemed so far in the background ; and dearlie, half below her breath, murmured   " amen."   " why, dear, if you ain't just as wet as mr. dunlop," said tom, as they came within the light of the expiring fires. "oh ! you are in a state ! "   " never mind me," said dearlie. " it wasn't very fine to begin with, and oh ! if i hadn't come " and the remembrance of how reluctantly she had come, of how frightened she had been, the thought that she had so nearly yielded to her inclination and stopped in bed, made her cover her face and burst into tears again.   " dearlie, dearlie," baid miles, his arm round her waist," "don't cry any   more."   mobt of the crowd had gone back towards portsea with the rescued bailors, and only a few men remained eagerly on the lookont for what wreckage might come ashore in the morning. the storm was not so violent; the wind, as if satisfied with what it had accomplished, had nearly blown itself out, and the full moon sailed out in a cloudless sky. miles drew dearlie's arm through his as they went up the hill together, and tom,   on his other side, as a sort of vent for his superfluous excitement, poured ; into his ears the whole story of how they had come out secretly to see the storm, and bo had, by the merest chance, it beemed, saved the lives of those on board the two brothers. it was a long story, which tom spun out till they reached the lonsdale, and once there, miles found himself surrounded by dr. o'hea, dalrymple, and others who claimed acquaintance with him,   and who had only just realised that be was among the rescued. j   just as the first faint streaks of dawn were breaking in the east he i managed to get clear, and   drawing dearlie into a dark corner he kiased her good night fondly.   " you aaved me for yonraelf, didn't you?" he whispered; and ahe lifted np her face and abyly answered "yes."   miss popham appeared at the head of the stairs with a candle in her hand, fearfully and won derfully arrayed, and called " keziah, keziah."   the voice was per emptory, and dearlie fled away upstairs. the light of the candle fell fall on her, ana showed her to her lover, wet and be draggled, her torn bkirts trailing on the ground.   " god ble6s my dar ling," he said beneath hia breath ; bnt tom nairn, standing by, heard him.   " what'a that you're saying, mr. dunlop?"   " there ia no barm in praying for blesbinga on one's preservers, is there my lad?"   "crumbs! i dunno. i know i think it's time to go to bed. tou're to have the other bed in my room. this blesaed pub's so full they can't give you a room to yourself. and, i say, one of your preservers went out in his best coat, and it's rained. oh my ! won't there be skittles to morrow."   next morning tom and dearlie found themselves the heroes of the hour. that midnight walk of theirs, taken so sorely against the inclination of one of them, had brought unlooked-for results, and   oil tviof 4tj\ fviom   the crew of the two brothers most certainly owed their lives. as for danlop, he had not been so happy for years, and at the first opportunity sought ont miss popham, and explained how things stood between him and   her niece.   that old lady could hardly believe her earn.   " keziah !" she said—" keziah !—that child. why, mr. dunlop, she is young enough to be your daughter."   " hardly that, i think," he said, though even now the speech made him wince. " i know i must seem a strange suitor for a fresh young girl like dearlie, but she's satisfied, and that's the main thing."   " yes,' said miss popham doubtfully—" yes, but i can hardly believe she cares for you, and you—you . why, helen would be so much more suitable."   " now, miss popham, does anybody ever marry the person the world thinks so suitable f besides, helen is going to marry young dalrympie. she   told me so herself."   "yes, yes. well, i bhall be glad to see keziah happy, and i am sure yoi will be good to her. her father will be very pleased."   " will he? you think he will approve?"   " oh 1 yes; i know he likes you; and—and though you are not rich keziah is accustomed to being poor, and yon will be better of by-and-by."   " hadn't i better run up to town and see dr. nairn ?"   " not unless you like. a letter will da we shall only be here a wee!   longer." stay and make it pleasant for the child. i often think she has ha< rather a hard life of it let her be free from household worries, and enjo; herself for once. i assure you you may consider yourself engaged t her." ' ' ' ' ,   thus assured, danlop sent to melbourne for a fresh supply of clothes, am settled down with much satisfaction at portsea.   ? the fact of his engagement to dearlie nairn soon leaked out; indeed, the bemseives were, as tom said, a standing advertisement of it. whereve   dearlie was, there was miles at her side, and the " masher and his girl," according to the same authority, " were not a patch on them."   miss popham told mrs. crawford, who declared that she had seen it all along, and, proud of her own discernment, published it far and wide. the news took but a short time to reach whirily, and down came the doctor in person to congratulate the happy couple.   "didn't i tell ye? didn't i tell ye? ye'll believe in the science of palmistry now, mr. dunlop. didn't 1 tell ye ye'd get your heart's   desire ?"   " so you did, doctor; so you did," said miles, patting him on the back gratefully; " but all the same, things seem to have come about by the merest   chance"   "there is no such thing as chance in this world," said the doctor solemnly. " it was written in your hand when ye were a baby, and it just proves what i've baid a thousand times, that the science of palmistry cannot fail. and now, sweetest creature," turning to dearlie, " aren't ye going to take him to task about that other girl ?"   " what other girl ?" asked dearlie, with a happy little smile that showed   she feared no rival.   " why the girl he was so awfully in love with before he saw you, to be sure," baid the doctor, examining dunlop's hand through his glasses.   dearlie laughed.   " i don't mind," she said. " he may have had a dozen sweethearts before he saw me. i don't care so long ab i'm the last."   "well, well, sweetest creature, there is peace and happiness in your hand, so it will be all right"   that afternoon milesand dearlie walked to the back beach, and sitting there in a sheltered nook watching the great white breakers come rolling in, she told him the story of the night of the wreck, and of her long lonely watch. tom had already done so, as she knew, bat it had an added charm from her lips, and he took her in his arms and vowed again and again to love her for   ever. ...   " and that other girl ?" asked dearlie mischievously ; " what of that other girl ?"   he had lain down on the sand now, with his*head pillowed on her lap, and was supremely happy.   " what other girl ?" he asked lazily, playing with her fingers.   " the one dr. o'hea talked about was there somebody, and did you love her very much ! tell me, miles."   he liked to hear her call him by his christian name, and he put the hand he held to his lips and kissed it softly.   "dr. o'hea's an old donkey ; but there was somebody. i'll tell you if you like. sweetheart, yon won't be jealous ?"   " how long ago waa it ?" asked dearlie, doubtfully. " between ten and eleven years."   "oh ! then of course i don't mind," she said in a tone of relief, stroking his hair. " tell me, how old was she?"   "nineteen."   "just my age,"said dearlie, nodding her head. "and what was her   name ?"   ' violet"   ' i hate that name—at least "   ' oh, don't recant ont of consideration for my feelings. so did i for many a long year. now i don't care."   "well, tell ms about it"   "there is not much to tell. she was young and very pretty. i was young and "   'handsome."   " well, yes; i believe the world said that of me then, and it can't matter much if i say it of myself now. i was rich in those days, and went out to india just to see the world. she was the daughter of a judge in calcutta, very charming and one of the belleb of the place. i fell headlong in love with her, and she—well, i was fool enough to believe she returned my love. we were engaged and were to be married ih a month, when i went on that unfortunate shooting expedition and spoiled my beauty. i was ill for months, as you may imagine, and when again i saw my lady love she received me with such unfeigned horror and dismay that i saw at once all was over between us. i daresay i was a gruesome object—worse even then than i am now, and perhaps i ought not to have thought so hardly of   her."   " miles, miles." dearlie pat her arms round him and pressed the poor scarred face tenderly against her breast "how .could she? oh, how could she? 1 would have loved you all the mote,"   "my little sweetheart, she married a redcoat soon after, and i hear is a very unhappy woman." . . .   " it was her own fault," said dearlie, with conviction. "and yet—oh dear, i can't help being glad, she didn't marry you. what should i have   done then?"   " married somebody more suitable, as your aunt would say; but you couldn't have married anyone who would love you more than i do, my   darling," and dearlie firmly believed him, and believes him btill.   dr. nairn, as miss popham had prophesied, highly approved bis daughter's choice, and when miles, fairly established as junior partner in grant, allen and grant, wanted to be married at once, threw no obstacle in his way, mrs. nairn thought her daughter too young, and would have had her wait a year or so, but miss popham came to the rescue, declaring that to her certain knowledge the cares of the household had fallen on dearlie'a young shoulders for the past three years, and that, therefore, she was fully com petent—would find it easier, in fact—to manage a house of her own. so for once dr. nairn exerted his authority, and one bright june morning in 1888 dearlie and miles were married. for a honeymoon dunlop took his wife up the queensland coast, and on their return they settled down in a com fortable cottage in grand view- grove, hawksburn, the happiest couple, de clares miles dunlop, in all the australias.   helen nairn is not yet married for a few weeks after her engagement to charlie dalrymple life was to her unalloyed bliss ; then the sweetness began to cloy. she wearied a little of the man who was her willing slave. she trifled with him, slighted him, flirted with other men, until at last, driven to despair he remonstrated sharply, and insisted on a reform. then she quarrelled with him violently, and broke off the engagement then and there. it is tom's freely expressed opinion that she'll never marry.   " she is really awfully good looking, you know," said tom at dinner one saturday when he had concluded to favour the dunlops with his company. "awfully handsome, but oh, crumbs ! she'll never marry. she ought to have stuck to charlie. she's getting rather long in the tooth now, you   know."   " thomas," said miss popham, who had also come over to see her niece. "thomas, i am shocked."   " oh, come aunt . dearlie, you needn't kick a fellow under the table; 'tisn't dignified in a married woman. aunt don't mind, do you aunt? eveiyone knows you could have married a hundred times over if you'd liked ' don't they v   miles smiled across at his wiie.   "tom," he said, "you're incorrigible."   " thanks, i'm getting along pretty well. i'm in the first twenty now,   and "   " the grammar school team's wondering how it ever got on without you,   eh?"   1 just about that, i ex   pect bat don't yon chaff. i got you your wife, and way."   " did you ? well, now, i was always under the impression yon did your level best to mar the match."   " crumbs ! blaming me lor your own stupidity. if, it hadn't been for me you'd have been lying at the bottom of the sea, just, beyond london - bridge.   as it is "   "as it is, i am deeply grateful for your watchful   care. come, little wife,' it's warm enough to sit outside' to-night, and i want to smoke."   " i'm jiggered, annt pop," said tom, as miles and his wife left the room, " but 1 believe those two really are fond of one another. none of your stuff abont love, you know, but real downright fond of each other."   for once miss popham forgot to correct her nephew's slipshod eng   lish.   " really, thomas," she said, "you are right, and i thank god for it i wish i could see helen as happy; but that will never be; bhe asks too mncb, and gives too little. the secret of trne happiness lies in ourselves, thomas."   but tom thought be was in for a lecture, and bolted incontinently.   " you tell nell from me, aunt," he shouted back from the doorway, "she ought to have stack to charlie dalrymple. she's getting rather long in the tooth, i say."   and be banged the door and retired to the yard, where he shied atones at' a neighbour's cat, and meditated on bis chances of being picked for one of the school eleven in the forthcoming cricketing season.        7686		what the totoara saw   chapter i on the wing   the stoky.   cliaftkr i. on the yflxfl.   cheep, choop, pr-r-r-r ! paoot,: tsooooa ! cheep, cheep 1 ~and so on, and ho on. what is it you bay ? you cannot understand my bird language ?   well, that ia likely. fow, if any, of you un feathered bipeds can.. there ara many things you caunot do. fly, for example. but that is not your fault. some ot you have tried, i am given to understand, but have always failed ignorniniously. and yet it is so ensy ; at least, i think so. so as you cannot understand my language, i must speak yours. and this is my atory:— it may perhaps be considered presumptuous, aa. i have never seen any other countries, although i have heard o£ them from the gulls and other great travellers, on my part to say that my native land in the most beautiful iv tho whole world. other birds, aye, and human beings too, have often said so, and i quite believe thorn. bo it as it may, i cannot imagine anything rnoro beautiful than the valley wherein i wns born. the valley shut in by tho vast, white, ever- shining'ice peaks and snow fields, with the rich crimson rat: , . blossoms, and tha dark green mapu leaves on the mountain aides, and tlics wide river at tha bottom, sparkling in itd rapid raca over the yellow shingle, spreading into deep dark blue silent :;lassy reaches, or rushing over tho terrible morninea with a noise liko thunder. they say, those who do not know, that in that iiolitavy land it is always raining. ah, thoy know no bettor, trun it is that when the westerly winds blow acroaa tho trembling ocean beyond, there aro tcrrifllo storms of rain and slest, truo that soruotimea the thick mist driving up tho gorges hides tho moun tains, oven tiie tree-tops, from sight, truo that in winter the snow drifts in vast shet.-ss, burying tho fern and tutu bushes beneath its whito foathors, and that thero 13 cold and wet and desolation. but oh i tho swcot summer time, whan the sun lights up the crystal peaks with dazzling and unspeakable glory, tho early morning when tho white mountain scalps btarid out against. ekies of pink and delicate lavender, tho hot noons, when> the fiery god of day makes tha river shimmer liko molten gold, the eveniuyjs whou ho goe3 down to his rest amid a slowly-changing halo of rod and purple and amber, and the nights, when tho moon, liko ft silver shield, bails aero3s tho dull blue but inexpressibly beautiful firmament, tinging with mellow light and deep shadow tho sleeping earth and tho shimmering lako and river. why should i apeak of this ? bocauso i have heard from two or three hapless birds, ka-as, kakapos, luw, and others who have had tho ill fortune to ba taken priecuen by some of you, how they were compelled, pent up as they were in iron cages, to live in an atmosphere close, oonlincu , , reeking with foul smells, amid bowildcring sights and soandi, and tho glare of gas, and fcotid smoke, and sickening etcani, and grime, and dirt, and all that is abominable. sooth to sny, thoy did put on airs, as who should bay, " wo have seoii the. world ; " but they nlwaya looked woe-begono enough when they had escaped. woo-begone, and broken, dirty, and rullled, nnd for all they might say, were right glad to get back to us, aud to enjoy amid the puro ircsh air and the bound less forest i, tho swetta of liberty, the rapture of living. but all this is not my story. no. as i have, eaid, impelled by the curiosity which ia essentially a part of my nature, and which had boon further incited by my first   *? ? ? ? and tho now zealand robin, a black bird with n whito breast, is rarely liarmed, being a great favorite from iu tamenesa ami confidence in man. it may ba soon hopping nil about. . . . ou one oc casion, when in the bush, ono at these pretty bird 3 perched on ray guv, and rarely did i camp without two or thrco of thorn coming round and inquisitively ecauning ma and my proceeding's with their curious black eyes. (?explorations on the wat coast of k.z.," by it, p. whitivorth, ibto.)   view of a human being, and by what i had been told by some of my friends, i had, taking advantage of the bright summer weather, soared aloft far above my accustomed height, and crossed the mighty range which, on one sido, bounded my native valley. at first i could not detect ranch differenco, except perhap3 that there was a scarcity of trees. thoro were lakes and rivers, and fern and flax, and purplo hills, and shining white mountains in the distance. still thcro was a change. the eky was blue, but not so blue. : tho sky was bright, but not so bright. the mountains wero high, but not bo high- altogether tho scene appeared sof tor, tamer, so to say. - it lacked tha wild nnd rugged grandeur of the place i had como from. the hill-tops were moro rounded, and ' instead of glaciers and anowfields were sum mits of bare purple rock. at first i felt frightened and inclined to turn back, but tho white ranges in tho dis tance, and tho glittering lake beyond, tempted mo on. ply high, fly low, the longest day must have an ending, and as the sun sank behind the ahoulder of the western hills i was glad enough, hungry and tired, to reck the shelter of a patch of ficrubhy birch timber—ob, so different to the rich leafy umbrage of my own valley—and putting my billy head under my wing go to sleep. nsxt day, directed by some friendly wekas whom i found running about in the sparse undergrowth, and who told mo that i was on tho dart flats, and that tho great lako ahead was the famous inland cea wakatipn, i struck across to tho south- east iv search of what i bad come so far to find, mankind. chapter 11. " the camp. perched high up on a narrow shelf of birch, bush, and snow gra33, and overlooking tho brawling river, one of tho head waters of the stiotover biver, c couple of hundred fact or so bslow, was a minora' camp. here, (lying btraight past the ice-bound buttresses of mount earnalaw, and leaving the lake to the south-westward, i came for tho second time across the, lo me, siuynlar animal, man. tho miners'camp was a curious place, but only ono of raauy like it along the banks of that treacherous river. i will try to describe it. at this place the river took a wide semi circular mveep or curve round a boldly abut ting rock, a spur of the range behind, and on tho sloping summit of this rock a party of miners had made their camp. it was hardly a desirable spot, for thera was no water, save what hsd to be carried up from tho rivor balow, but there was wood, such as it rvas, and what was of more consequence, there was im munity from tho perils of floods on the river. perhaps you do not know what those perils are. shall i tell you ? i'll try. the shotover, tho arrow, the dart, aud the hoes are, excepting perhaps the tere makau, which ruas ihe other way, and is therefore out of this reckoning, probably the moit dangerous riverain new zealand; cer tainly in this part of it. lusing as they do in the snow and ice-clad recesses of tho southern alp 3, and being fed by numerous other streams which have their origin in thosa famous ranges, they are subject to sudden and terrible floods—floods so terrible that thoso who have not experienced them can have but littlo idea of; cataclysms, in fact. a wet day, as it rains there, will- do it. a hot day will do it. a slipping, a sliding, a grinding of an avalanche of ice and snow in thoso inaccessible regions, brought about either by ono cause or tha other, will flooj tho rivers in a few minutes—l had almost said momenta —bringing down millions of tons of half melted snow, rather ico, rocks, earlh, trees, and gravel. what can withstand the rush ? nothing. the works of weeks, months it may be, in reclaiming the river bed, so as to get at the rich auriferou3 drift at the bottom, and to sluice the banks, is swept awu.y—poof—in a breath, and woc-batido the unfortunate man who, hearing tho hoarse and angry water demon coming down from hia mouutaiu home doc 3 not ulamber up beyond hia reach. oi those who neglect the warning, let tho terrible kawaura gorge aud river course below tell or hide the tale. hence is it that thoso who go to seek gold in these out-of-the- way places, the sensible nay, tha commonly prudent—pitch their tents far np above the river bed, and of these the party of miners whose camp i had ar rived at was a notable example. it consisted of three small teuls and a rather large hut or house built of trunks o£ the treo fern and tho j mamuka fern, whoso curious pith, found iv tho crown of tho plant where tho fronds spring forth, makes an excellent and nutri oious table vegetable. the roof, or rather thatch, was composed of bundles of toi-toi grass, moat graceful of reeds, tho soft, springy feather-like sprays of whioh form the moat luxurious of couche3.   this hoiwe wa3 u?ed as a kitchen aud general lividg room, tho tents being set apart for sleeping places, as was to be seen by tho rough bunks and bundles of blankets in each. the party was oue of six, all stalwart fellows of tho usual manly and adventurous digger typo. they had been located in thjs wild region for some months, and had nearly sue- i eeeded in their arduous enterprise—that of cutting off a small bend'in tho stream so as to bo able to work the auriferous shingle bad —when a flood had suddenly destroyed much of their work, and left them poor aud almost disheartened to commence their labors over again. still oven then they did not lose their courage, but as soon as tho waters had sub sided, stftitod.with redoubled energy to repair the ruin. but fortune, iioklo jade, did them yet .another ill turn. charlie hinda, a strap ping young constable from the hawkesbury kivor, in now south wales, a very colonial hercules, aud tho best and strongest worker of tho party, was taken ill. incessant exer tion and constant exposure to the hot sun above, and inunorsion in the cold anow water bolow, did their work, and tho fever fiend gripped him in his relontless clutch. one evening ha went to camp, laid down in hia bunk, and ere midnight he was raging with that curse of tlio wot diggings, rheumatic fever. this was a sad blow, for not only had they lost their be?t mate, but it was nlso necessary to leavo at least ono other of tho party at tho camp to watch and attend oa him, "so that tho working hands, at tho very time when all wero most needed, wero reduced to four. but miners r.ro not tho meu to succumb to diiliculty and disaster. it was as bud as it well could ba with them, but their course was clear—to uiako. to make tho best oi it. it was hard lines, as they said, but they did not grumble over much. their first caro was, of course, the siok man. with bdautiful spirit of mtiteship, of move than brotherhood, which exists all over tho world among tljo wild, aud, sometimes, lawless mining communities, they got him medicines from tho next settlemsnt, on the arrow llivcr (a long and weary journey enough), and cr.red for him day and night; oh 1 so tenderly, how tenderly only those who havo lived among these rough dwellers) iv the wilderness cau ever only know. they hushed his querulous wanderings, smoothed his tumbled pillow, cat up with him by torn* through tho long watches of tho night, visited the neighboring camps near and far in uearch of such little delicacies, over and above tho ordinary hard digger's   fare, as they might obtain. ifateship is, in truth, the love between david and jonathan. to this wild camp in the ranges, then, i came on a bright tuminer day in january. the sun- was already high in , the blue, and the morning wind that canio softly and freshly np tho vailey was so faint as hardly to temper his rays, that reflected back from the white walls around, shot fiercely on the bare hill-sides and terraces, and even into the bush behind, at the very edge of and partly sheltered by which was tho little encamp ment. . i peered curiously into the tents, and there in one of them lay the sick man, moaning and babbling piteously. ho war: a mere wreck of'what ho must have been—ah mc, so wasted anctpalet " presently from the hut came into the open a sturdy little man with a brown face, dark merry eyes, and jet black and crinkled and curled close to his bullet head. he wore rings in his ears, a striped shirt of what had once been bright red and yellow, and, of courso, moleskins soiled with clay and yellow water. shading hia eyea with his hand ho looked up at tho sun, and spoke cheerily to himself. "poufl po hot as it is. ah! cotiuin " — and ho shook his fist at the white scalp of mount earnslaw—" you will send down your vratair again, eh? you arc ono deceit, one trompcur wiz your face so be-autiful ovair zere. poaf! i prefair to be down below inzo watair moro zan in zis sun. ho burn mc up. chad, mon piiuvre camarade, let mc see how is it wiz you." he stepped into the tsnt, gave the sufferer eomo cooling drink, then came forth again into the sunshine with a s.-.d look in his eyes. " ah 1 e'est pitoyable, pitoyable ! pauvre gar?on 1 i can almost to myself freep. so brave, so handsome, to lie zere malade, folic, and ime foav rnourant. if only he could eat somesinjjs, or slezip. maia non. he but toss himself from side to side, and talk ze nonsense all ze time. poor f el-low, poor fel-low!" the tender-hearted marseillais returned to his cooking in tho hut, and the stricken man went on rambling incoherently, his poor wits wandering, no man knows whither. higher and higher the sun rose overhead, and hotter became the dny, until from flitting to and fro in and out of the tent, i w£ib fain to seek shelter in a clump of thick boscage which overlooked the valley beneath. the day wore on, tho sun passed the meridian, i.nd sank lower and lower in tho afternoon sky. by-and-byc, amid tha still ness, i was aware of something moviug on the steep sido of the hill below. nearer and nearer it.camo slowly through the timber, nearer and nearer, and still more slowly. then i saw it was a woman toiling faintly and wearily np the rough ascsnt. a woman, with something, i could not tell what, wrapped in a shawl and carried across her bosom. a woman, haggard, travel worn, faint with the hot atmosphere that quivered like the breath of a furnace. nearer and nearer, until the very tree where i wa3 watch ing her she staggered, gasped for'breath, and with a weak cry of "charlie, char—" sank slowly down amid tho undergrowth and snow grass at its foot. chapter 111. found. lower and lower bank tho sun, and still she lay there, white and motionless. was she dead ? i could not tell. i fluttered to and fro. i hoppod upon her shoulder. i peered into her face. no life. no motion. 1 flew to the hut, and chirped my talo as well as i could, but the frenchman took no notice. once when i lighted on his head ho said' "aha i ze funny lectio bird, how noisy t he want some food." he scattered somacruruba on the ground and went on with his cook ing, humming some little french chanson nette the while. onco tho dog which ? lay chained near the door winked lazily at mc as i brushed past him, and went oil into a doze again. no use, no use. i flow back to my tree. sthl motionless. the sun sank still lower. soon ho would rench the top of tho ranges in tho west, and then would come darkness, aud this poor creature lying here alone, aud so near to suc cour, and i unable to do anything. but what "was that sound rising from the valley 1 human voices. human laughter. aid at last, nearer and nearer,they came, four stalwart bronzed fellows covered with clay and sweat. *' they were passing at a little distance. "help, help/ , i cried, "hero's a poor crea ture, a woman, dead or dying. help i help !" ales 1 alas 1 they could not understand mo. i flew. i ilutterel to ami from and round them, and still raised ray agonised cries for help. but all, ah mc, in vein. ? "what's the matter with the little bird," said one. " why, no, yes it is. why i'm hanged if it ain't a kobin. well, i never see a lvabin so high up as this afore." " kuoek it down with a stick, jack," said another. " what, kill a kobin, kill tho doctor ? oh no, no, that 'ud never do. but what tha deuce is the matter with the bird ? i think it's frightened at something, oi" mad." "ha iha 1" said another, singing : ? " i'm the mad doctor, i'm the mad doctor. pantomime, you know, jack," and ho laughed brutally. no, not brutally, for he did not know. alas !he did not know. " then, mo wheoling and chirping round their heads and vainly striving to inako them understand, they reached the hut, went in side, and sat dowu to supper, after losing the dog. i heard all thoy said, their onquiries about their eick mate,' tha work thay had got through, their intention for the morrow, their prospects of sucee93, all this and'more. "confound tho bird," said one. "what a row it does make—lost in tho ranges i reckon." "lost in the ranges," i replied. "yea, lost, but not mc. that poor woman lying outside yonder lost, lost, in tho rangoa." "hang mc," taid the ouc spoken to as jack, " if the blessed bird dou't seem to bo trying to talk. bijt come, what d'ye say to a hand at ouehro ? " "trying to talk, trying to tulk. i am talking, and to you. oh misery—cannot understand." " then, in my despair, 1 spoke to tho dog. "come, coiuo," i saiil, "como with mo." he looked at mc, yawned, and stretched him self after tho manuer of dogs. i flew to tho door, out, in again, out again, and screamed, " come, como. it may not bo too late." ho looked agaiu, cooked his head on ono eido aa if in doubt, &i; who should say, " what is all thi3 ? can thera ba anything up?" and slc/wly followed mo to tha door. then ho raised hia nose in tho air, aud sniffed round suspiciously, while i flow ft littlo way towards tho tree, screaming still loader, " come, come." then he seemed lo nay, " well, i'm coming, only i think i'm only rnakia,; a fool of myself." h? stepped leisurely outside, and suddenly stopped, one foot half uplifted, and hia cars pricked as if listening. i could hoar nothii!;!, but dow on n, little further. all at once ho put h'u uoao to tho ground, gavo a short, sharp bark, and rushed after mc. do birds ever weop? nosaa you human beings do; but they rejoice. oh yea, thoy rejoice, and i sang my cheep, ? cheop, p-r as i had never sung it boforo.   > \ ' ''' " quick, quick, this way, thia way, ,, and we were there. he sniffed > tho poor creature oil over, licked her palu face, and then sitting on ; his > ; haunches, sent forth a loud, melancholy howl that echoed up the valley, > then another, and another. it had dnrkeued by thia time, and soon i saw a > light moving through the_bneh. it was one of the men with a lantern. "what > the deuce ia wrong with the dog. i never heard him howl like that before > since : l . the flood came down. he's found something, ~>. til go bail. what > isit.nop?" ( ?'? " cheep 1 cheep i pr-r-r-r 1 paoot 1 tsoooo !' , < cheep i > cheep 1 , " "why here's that mad bird again." "" _<? " mad, yes, mad with > joy." —"ha!—a woman, as i'm a living sinner ! a * woman, and—eh.!— god save > us—a babby." he had knolt and opened the shawl on her breast, and found, ye > 3 there it was, an infant —but whether one or either wcro alivd or dead— > "here, frank, bob, martin, all of yon, "' quick, quick," -he shouted, > "quick, for ' heaven' 3 sake." there was a rush of foot to the spot a3 the ' > ' men name stumbling and crashing through the low undergrowth. " what, what, > what," said- the sham, in cisive voice of the marsuillaia," what i 3 all zis > zat- you call for so, eh?" " see here," he said pityingly, and raising the > lantern'over the woman's 'fie.?. "grande dien j ah marie! mero de jeaut and > ie ie "at she ia most dead ? and ze petite poupoe. eh?" ./? " " i don't > know, i hope not. but what can have brought her hero? como, boys, let's ' > carry them to the hut, maybe tho warmth, and the—"and then the tender- > hearted giant choked, trying to mutter " god help us all." "no, ohe was not > dead. borne, oh so gently by those rough men over the inequali ties of the > way to the hut, placed on a soft bed of toi-toi, and happed in warm > blankets, struggling life once more assumed its eway, " and the weary > wayfarer opened her eyes languidly p.ud helplessly on the unacens torned but > kindly faces. she looked round with r.n earnast, imploring gaze as if in > search o£ something, but was unable to speak.; ?' ah i" exclaimed jlartin, > the frenchman, jayfnlly, " i know. it is ze icetle chile, ze petite poupee," > and turning hia face away with inborn delicacy, he opened the bosom of her > dre33, and placed the baby, which, leviyed by the warmth, had already begun > to whimper, io nature's sucre;! fount, then abruptly left the hut, followed > by the others. , the poor forlorn creature smiled faintly as she. felt the > infant nestling at her breast, and then softly cried herself into calm, > dreamless 3lsep. and i, seeking the shelter of the friendly bush, placed my > head under my wing, and slept also. kre tha 3im rose from beyond the hills i > was up and doing. fluttering, flying, flaakor ing hero and there, into the > tents, into the hut, into the bush, across the open, joyfully piping my > cheap 1 oheep ! psoot 1 p3oot i tsooroo! cheep i cheep ! in the clear > morning air. not long, and the camp showed aigns ox life , . first came out > the merry-eyed french man, yawning and stretching his sturdy arms. i perched > on his shoulder familiarly and uttered my glad notes in his ear. "ah, you ! > " he said, " you aro zo leet-el bird who try to tell us of zat pauv , femme, > eh? and you, too, seem so happy as we, is it not ? all! she sleep," he > continued, as he - cautiously peered into the hut, and_softly moved away to > make a fire on the opon ground by the si do of tho tunt3. " so, she shall > not bo disturb, and ze chile—poor leet-cl sing. mais, frhathave bring zeta > to ssisplaeelwon-dair my self.,, . - " so did i wonder, too, but ere long i > know. by-and-bye the other sleepers roussd them selves, and anon, the woman, > waking from her doep slumber, came to the door. "with a delicacy born of > innate good breed ing, these danii'.eii3 of the wilderno3s bade her good > morning and gave her food, but forboro to ask her any questions until she > chose to speak. than, with many tears and grateful thanks, she told her > tale. she was a poor, woman, who lived at cromwell, many, many miles away. > her husband was a digger somewhere "*- -up in these ranges. ? he was, ah, so > good i: he had sent her his earnings regularly until jof late, but she had > not heard from him for ~ weeks, and she feared, nay, she knew, he was > sick—perhaps daad. she had waited and en quired, but could leartf>nothing. > so she had taken her child, hia child, in her arms, and had coma, on foot > and alone, across mount piua and those cruel ranges. she thought ahe was > lost in the bush, but the good god had . guided her so far, and would give > her strength to go further until she had found him. " and what is your > husband's name? " " charlie—churlea hinds." "charlie ilindal" they all > cried, with, a start of astonishment. " charlie hinds i god hag indeed > guided you, for hois hero i here in this camp i " "herol in thirf camp?" oh, > tho teara o£ joy and thankfulness tliat flowed down tha woman's haggard > cheeks. ' " here, stricken down with fever, but here, and alive. and please > god," said the one, addressed aa jack, " with you to nurse him, ' and the > babby to cheer him up, we'll soon have him on his feet again." and ao they > did, and boforo many days i ?* had tho gratification of seeing charlie > hinds, pale and weak, sitting on the sunny slope, / leaning his weary head > on his wifo's shoulder, tho infant tumbling and tossing in the graaa at hia > feet. cheep 1 cheep ! ohesp 1 p-r-r-r-r-r psoot i paoot! tsooroo 1 cheep 1 > cheop i lam a little black maori bird, with a wljite breast that , swells > with joy as i fly ovor tho wild gorges and fore.st valleys of now zealand, > to think \ that i did it. cheep 1 cheep 1 tsoosool cheep 1 . "?! cheep. tiie > eni>.        13960		gabriel lobo; or, the legend of trodd's flat. a story of the diggings   chapter i cuttriss's.   the story.   chapteh l cottbisa's.   the township of cnttriss's creek lay blink- j ing quietly under the afternoon influence of a cold winter's eun. a frail bridge crossing the creek from which the township derived its name, led up to the long straggling street which formed the settlement the place wbb insignificant enough, and similar in most respects to those mining and bosh townships of the fifth or sixth magnitude which at toe time of oar story were found scattered over the length and breadth of the colony.   a weatherboard publicbonse, a black* smith's smithy, a store, a primitive police station, two or three cottages, and huts formed of ronghly-adzed slabs, together with a further addition of «ome dozen or so tents, constituted the entireplace.   the store was perhaps the mobt preten tious . building in the township^ although only built of split timber and iron. the public-house, which boasted the rare ana unique possession of sawn and painted weatherboards, certainly set itself up on tljis head a* the architectural glory of the town ship. but the store was the chief centre of   attraction.   besides being the emporium that supplied; the modest wants of the iownsbip people and the few scattered miners working in the neighbouring gullies, it was the post-office,' ana principal rendezvous of the district. j   on that' winter afternoon referred to in the   opening paragraph, thfc interior of the store j was occupied by three orlour pwsqm. in one corner, seated on two bags of poor, were two miners, engaged in a friendly same of < crfbbage. they shuffled and .dealt their greasy pack of cards with iilent eagerness, fe btrol soap semng *s* nuirking-board, and   wax matches lor coonter was a police, drafted   and abort frioe --   stood » roung w* cornel?, sod neat in   leabing over the   $f ito mponted " rd breeches   beobpnter 'pleasaat-testured/   misirouncer' ftsonvemtion   that had been carried on between him nnd the girl for eo»ne few minutes.   " no, mr. liurtjslaiul; lie hasn't. he generally comes in later than this," she answered, with a faint blush.   " 1 want to see him, so i'll step round attain later on. 1 suppose he doesn't go away   directly he comes. lie stops for au hour | or so, i reckon."   " generally," she answered, again with a   blush.   " well, then, i'll be off. give my respects to your mother. mind you don't kick up a row, boys," he continued, stopping by the cribbage-players as he went out, "and no swearing, mind."   "who's swearin'?" answered one of the men, looking up good-temperedly.   "acocky fellow, that there trooper," re marked the other player, as the guardian of the peace went out. " lie's nllus abarralcing. he's got a eye on the gnl hisself, i'm think ing," and then he conlidentially whispered several appropriate oaths across the table at his opponent, for taking "one for the go", before the cards had been played out.   it was against the canons of etiquette to utter an oath of any kind whatsoever within the store, for the proprietors, owners, and directors of that favourite place of resort were women. tainted above the doorway was the legend, " w. francey. general   store ;" but it was well known throughout | the district that w. francey had long de   parted for spheres where stores are unknown, j it was currently reported that whisky and brandy had been the principal cause of this translation; but whether such was the case or no is of little interest the storekeeper had departed for good and all, and of neces sity had. lett his home ot enterprise behind him. after his translation, the business was carried on by his relict and only daughter; and this was the reason why strong language was proscribed-a piece of chivalrous self denial on the part of its frequenters almost unparalleled in the annals of colonial history.   the trooper, burtasland, having taken bis departure, the young woman behind the counter made her way to a small room at the rear of the store. this was the family bit ting and dining room, another apart nent off it serving as the bedroom of mrs. francey and her daughter.   the widow was seated in the sittingrooin sewing. "well, kounce," she said, as her daughter entered, "is there anyone in the   store?"   "there's jem davis and peter playing crib," she answered. "they'll take care of it for a moment."   "has arnold been to-day?" her mother asked, repeating the trooper's question almost in his words.   " no."   "this*is his day for coming in, isn't it?"   " yea, mother. it's too early for hincyet, though," she answered, once again with a slight blush. "i daresay he'll be there soon." /.   " do you know, flounce, i think arnold is changing of late. lie isn't quite the same as he used to be."   " llow do you mean, mother?"   "i mean he isn't so good-tempered-so easy to manage."   " oh, mother, how can you say such a thing?" responded the girl, up in arms at once. " i don't see any change-not the least he is the best fellow in the world, and   i love him with all my heart" j   there was a bright hush in her face as she gave vent to this sentiment, but very little hesitation expressed in either voice or man   ner.   "goodness me, how the girl runs on!" exclaimed mrs. francey. " i didn't mean to bay anything against him ; and of coarse you love him, or 1 don't suppose you'd be engaged to him. but i do really think that lonely life over at trodd's is making him a little melancholy. it must be terribly solitary for them-only two of them there. i wouldn't like it, i know."   "there's arnold now," exclaimed the girl, suddenly interrupting her mother. " i can hear yarraman coming along the rood."   the sound of approaching hoof-strokes was plainly audible, and passed in front of the btore. the rider was evidently at home, for without stopping he made his way to the stabling at the rear, and put his horse up. then, coming round to the front entrance on foot, he entered the store. givinjr a hasty good day to the two cribbage-players inside, fie was about to make bis way into the little sittingroom behind, whenoneof them accosted   him   "1 say, arnold, come here a moment we're goin' down the straight, and peter here's peggin' one for last card when i hadn't cried ' go.' i ees it aiat the game, and he aes it is."   " course it is," ejaculated peter. " one for setting nearest to 31," and he moved the two matches along the bar ot soap with an air of triumph.   " give us that there markin'-board," said the other, making a snatch at it " you aint playin' fait."   " ain't i ? it's yon that ain't yon've lost the game, and we was playin' for two penny weights and drinks, mind."   " drinks! no tear."   "i'll bet my shirt we was."   in the scramble which ensued the "board" was broken in two, «nd the cards falling to tlie ground behind the flour bags, brought the game to an end.   " never ibind, mate," exclaimed peter rue fully. " we'll play with it broke. we can mark lost the same. help us to pick up-the cards. and the two amiably sat down again to another contest with a gay laugh at the catastrophe. arnold made his way into the little aittingroom.   "hello, rounce!" be exclaimed, ''good afternoon, my lass. good afternoon, mrs. francey."   without much ado or hesitation he jriaced his hands on the girl's shoulder*, and, draw ing her to him, saluted bee with a ooupleof sounding kisses..   he was a tail young fellow, dressed in the extreme ot mining dandyism. he crew beard and monstache, and had apairof larjrf blue eyes ariji a well-shaped nose thatmade hit face very prepossessing, ? altogether he was handsome enough i# a way, andtaall,   ".abort   and straight and manly-jooking. a'sbort   coal worn open, a clean red flannel shirt likewise thrown open at the peclq a pair of   at the white moleskin breeches secured it   waist hy a nest leathern belt; and » patrol spurred riding boots, made * .omewbftjjle tcresgue costume, whilst the la*t topebes of effectiveness were added fcy« big siotich ha} that he carried in bis hand. ? ; ? . -   " well, boonce," exclaimed . t% bush dandy, putting his hat down. here i ojs aga$n,yon eee,"   " wewerejasttalkinsabout yon, arnold," sttldfhewidow*': '   .'wewjr<wr': .   "yes; and_iwas wondering if yon wen coming in yon wem wqrmngsofcaff^tbf   .'jdo .i'd v   thfttl can iwbrt<to*tbi^s   it's .pretty lonely, o   lion.   " i daresay it is. and how's your mntc that mr. loboy"   " oh, he'a all right, same as ever."   " what a curioua kind of man lie seems to be, arnold," ejaculated the girl. " when he was over here for rations last week, he sat and talked to us for ever so lone-telling us about india and all kinds of curious places. he regularly frightened me, he told us such funny things. 1 can't believe they're true. one thing he said wab that he knew a man-a fakir, i think he called him-who would make people do as he liked. just fancy that, lie assured us that he had seen it with his own eyes. then 1\6 told us about another who could disappear wheuever he liked. he made my flesh creep."   " lie's a funny fellow, is lobo," answered arnold, with something of a bhade passing over his face. " lie's full of yarns of that kind. it's not often he gets on that tack, though; he's such a beggar for reading. sometimes he sings and plays the accordeon, though."   " you told us he had a good voice."   "yes; he'a got a splendid one, but.he sings the rilmmiest songs i ever heardi portugee or some foreign language. they're not bad though, especially with the ac   cordeon."   "he must be clever,"said mrs. francey.   " he is so. and be works like a nigger.( i   never saw a man buckle too better, lie's a curious kind of feller, though. he's got a babitof waving his bands and muttering to himself, and staring. and then he's always reading some curious old books he's got i don't know what's in them, because they're in a foreign language-portugee, 1 suppose. lobo told me once they were about mes merism, whatever that meant, but he wouldn't say anything more." of course he'a got foreigners' ways," continued the young man in nis good-tempered way, " but take him all round he ain't half a bad mate. it was him put me on to the claim at trodd's, you know,and look here, this isn't 6o bad for a week's work."   from out the breast-pocket of his short coat he drew a "shammy" bag, and opening it, showed that it was full of gold in the shape of dust and small pellets.   "look at that," he said eagerly. "we got that in a week, and there's plenty mora a mate can't be such a bad one when   he puts a fellow on to that, can lie?" _   .'that's a cood deal of gold," said mrs. francy. " why you will make your for   tune."   " of course we will. we're making thirty pounds a week each. we culy came on the washdirt at the beginning of the week, and so we can't tell if it's all the same, but the stuff we've washed is orfully rich-richer than anything i've seen. 1 believe there's a fortune in it"   " i hope so, indeed," exclaimed the widow, " for yours and ilounce's sake. it would be a great thing. but there's bomeone in the   store. i'll go, rounce," she continued j kindly. " you stop aud talk to arnold." |   lett alone with the girl, the young man put' the little bag back again into his pocket, and j slipping his arm round her neck drew her to him with much apparent fondness. he kissed her repeatedly on mouth and cheek, and with a warmth that brought a bright blush to her face.   " arnold, stop," she cried, struggling to free herself. how dare you ?"   " why; aren't we engaged?"   " yes; but that's no reason why you should pull me about like that let me go this instant or i'll call mother. you are far too bold."   standing there so near him, half embraced by him, half repelling him, the cirl looked wonderfully pretty, considering her origin and surroundings. she was tall, though not bo tall as her lover, and well shaped. her hair, which was abundant, was not very dark or very light, but of a bright rich brown. her eyes were of a similar colour, and beamed with a light so honest, so truthful, and so womanly, that they alone would have been sufficient to render her lace an attractive one. but the restof her features were likewise good, her mouth especially, whilst over and above all these attractions she had n fair com plexion, tinged with a ruddy glow of health. altogether lier appearance was sufficiently   attractive to warrant the admiration of one far more critical than arno'd golt   "do be quiet, arnold," said the rustic beauty once again, as the young man recom menced his amatory manoeuvres. " i wonder at you, i dc. if you don't sit down i shall go   to mother."   " well, don't be in a scot, eounce. i'm not doing any harm."   "you've been doing a great deal. i think,*' she answered, smoothing her ruffled   feathers.   " wait till we're married." he said, with a bush attempt at raillery. you'll sec what i'll do then. i'll lead you a life, i know-"   "don't be so sure we're to get married/' she answered, saucily. " i may be changing my mini for all you know."   "liook here, iny lata," he exclaimed eagerly. " there's nothing to stop uf now. tiie claim's turning out rich, and we expect to do very well out of it we might get a few thousand pounds* worth of gold out of it for all we know. directly i've made a tew hundred. i don't see as there's anything to stop us then."   a bright blush sprang to the girl's face.   "a lew hundred, arnold. surely you'll   never set all that"   " why uot? there's notellinfc. weaint proved coach ground yet; botliobothinka we've struck it rich, and lie ain't a fool." -   the return *>t mrs. france/* to the little sittinffroom served to britis the young 'man's confidence to an end. " there's mr. bortis jaud id the store,' arnold,** she said, ssahe entered. "he wiahea to speak to yon for a moment he says he's something to tell   : ^ 'th fib and see wh'stw wants, fljfp i §nd.   nodded to loeyoungnaan as he bteppea put i of the bittingroom.. "   !, yonr brother," he continuedwl&n; thejrwwe   ! oat of bearing of the occupants of the   "good ood, what ib it f"   nsked him if he'd known a miner there   named goh, and he bbid he did."   " where is he nowexclaimed arnold   "lie's gone awny fossicking in some of them worked-out gullies in the ran-'ea i naked lnm what he knew about jem golt   but he wouldn't bay much. though it's niv opinion, from the look he gave me. that hf.   knows more about him than he ore   tended.   " i most see him," aaid arnold, with a   quick exclamation.   "aye, i thought you'd like to ask him a lew questions yourself, so i told him as there was a man here who would give sompfhfn,! to heat about jem golt 1 didn't te?l hm?   ttoitmcbu j..t aaid t he re »m i s. who would par for an; new,. i could^im   °rua°/ hil? m>8elf," he continued candidly, but perhaps you might, especially if you give bim a note or two " l y   "i'd give nnything to find'out about poor jem. 1 ve swore to get to the- bottom ms disappearance and by god! 1 will. iie "   | working over there at trodd's, at the rut   seven years ago, and all at once he dis appeared and was never heard of again 1 ve found that much out, and i'll lind   out yet if he was murdered, as 1 believe he   wft8.   " well, this fossicker-his name's yorltev he said-wouldn't wait, though i asked him to. he's gone away by himself with a pick and shovel and tin dish. but he said he'd be back again betore a week was out lie got dead drunk up at the public-house when he came grst, ana didn't clear out till he had knockcd down all the money he'd got. lie becms a regular out-and-out swiper; so when he comes again i'll keep hiiu drinking here   till you see him, if yon like."   "that'll be it," interrupted the other. " i'll be in again in a few days, and it he comes before that, keep him in the township."   "all right i don't know if you'll gi»t anything lrom hiiu. 1 couldn't, but there's no harm trying."   " harm ! i'd do anything to find out about poor jem. li you'll do that for me. hurl is land, i'll do you a good turn some day."   he turned away with a shake of the head and the customary bush greeting of "well, so long, old man," and returned to uni   store.   as he entered, one of the two cribbage players accosted him once again. " l-jok here, arnold." he said, taking a stick of tobacco from his pocket afel biting off a small piece. " 1 was tellin' peter, here, about miss kounce-how she jumped into the creek when (hem two kids of summers's tell in and he sea as there was only one."   " and so there was," maintained his oppo nent "'cos why? 'cos summers never   had but one."   " summers's wife had twins." " no; sue never."   " well,' pursued mr. jem davis, "didn't miss kounce jump in the creek, arnold?"   "she did so," answered the young man, briuhtly, "and there isn't another girl in the district would have had the pluck to do   it."   "there, peter; didn't i 'tell you so!" ejaculate.! mr. davis, triumphantly. "ami didn't she save summers's kids, arnold?''   " she saved one. there's only one, and   she's lame."   "you've lost your bet, jem," cried peter, triumphantly, in his turn.   "well, if i was engaged to the gal," er claimed mr. davis, in disgust, "i'd have made it three at the least-and have sworn to it. only one-and a lame one at that. well, 1'oa blowed."   'l'iie expression of contempt on his face was so comical, that arnold burst into a hearty laugh.   " well, one's tetter than none at all, jem,   he exclaimed. " but i must be going; g-.od   ilia few purchases made, and carefully rolled up in a clean hour-bag, preparatory to being carricd valise-way in front of his saddle, he went again into the little sitttmg room to say a few words of parting to his lady-love. he uttered his good-byes, and then went for hib horse. but when he came round again to the front of the house, lead ing his wiry little back by the bridle, itounce was there at the open doorway waiting tor him. it was rather exposed to public view (if the lonely vista of the one thoroughfare that formed the township of cuttriss s creek could be so termed) in front of the store, but he took her in his arms and kissed her heartily enough, and the girl lent herselt to hie embrace. then he vaulted on to the back* of his horse with some i^iliry, and giving * shake to the bridle, set off at a hand canter down the deserted street rhcigirl stood .watching him until he had clattered over the wooden bridge that spanned the creek and was hidden by a bend in the track then, with something of a sigh, she turned,   and went inside.       chapter ii trodd's.   chafieb il   tbodd'a.   seven rears had passed since tbc first rusu to the trodd ftiver duatfngs had taken place. i lie glory of "troddo" had departed; its treasures had been laid bare and exhausted, and the diggers bod moved restlessly on to   new el dorados. ;   the short stretch of river, which was the principal working, place seven years ago, presented a strange aspect of forlorn abandonment the (stream wound noisily as of yore inita tortuous channel, and its waters were cleaner and brighter; but along ita banks were so many shapeless mouwia and yawning ho!ea,and patches of bare ground, and like deformities of the kind, tliat the sylvan beanty of the place beemed to be irretrievabjyinarr^a, ,   jielow tbesprit wh'ttp .the miners' camp had been pitched the tokens and relics of past   were more' emphatically r4ve£jl)to we bed of the 'fceme d djuh hpd been con   » pp/'   list a deep and wide   thia j»bibtit. the heain of dirt and stones, iand the shallow holes, were almost con tinuous, skittered here and there were other relics-broken "boxes," remnants of tow btt'd bartbl?, stray pieces of timber, and the like j whllit at onb "place, on a knoll that throst ltoelf into the course of the stream, atood the remains of fc pnddlinff-machine. the huge circular basinwaa cracked, and full of holesj the arms, wlthtbeir harrows, were broken short off ; add the very shaft tbat supported them was oat of the perpen   dicular.   a abort distance op the river, however, from these melancholy wins of fowntte" hopes, recent twees of banian life and labour enlivened the ssene. a*.solitary hut reared itselffttaomelitu# distance from the waters edtfe, end nearit * windlass, from whic i hung a bucket {made out. of # nail-keg),   awkedtiremouthof tbe«hafc   ? the hot bad h^n'wawly .constructed. the ihuisseetnedjio bfttoaew ost. w finl   of broken-up "bores "-cases,   isucb dsbrfs as the deserted atop lower dowa offered in plenty. the wof was of b«*j weighted down by boughs laid on top, wl»cl1   ,.l((0r addition rave it a rustic and even 1" i' the 'ope 1 ^ 1 r w ay, towards the close of   1.1 ..fieniooa which arn-jld golt bad devoted   nl ill" it tlyn.- visit to his lady-love at i' ii riss's crceic, sto-xl a solitary figure. 1 he   "ii,,r w;is drawing in, and the man was vhlrntly awaiting the return of his mate. in mint of the hut burned a log fire, whilst jver it hung ft billy filled with water.   " jle's inter than usual," muttered the man ia himself. "making love to the girl, i «uni>ose. she's a fine wench, a regular beauty where did she get those looks from in this devil's hole of a dountry, i wonder? i'm not used to meddle much with women, but that girl has raised a flame here," he struck himself on .the heart, "that burns like lire. gabriel .lobo in love. and why not? ibis he not the power to gain his desires? if ho can bend men to his will, w|iy can't he do the same with women ? he will. if this goes.on as it has done," he continued, in a different voice, turning his eye9 towards the shaft near by, " i shall be a rich i2i.ui. then what's to prevent me gain in". and then to india-to the east. bah! she loves arnold, does she? she may be cured of that. she shall see him-in different colours to what she does now." "   a peculiar gesture brought his soliloquy to an end. the water in the billy began to boil over, and he bent down and removed it a little distance from the lire. he then threw an armful of fresh wood on the fire and stood over it, warming his long, dirty hands. the dry fuel was burning brightly, and the blaze lit up the surrounding flat.   "curse the place," he muttered, gnawing! nervously at his long moustache, the only, litiir oi> his face. " it's aa4onely as the grave. it's enough to give a man the horrors. i wonder when arnold is coming ?"   even as he spoke his quick ears caught the sound of approaching boof-strokea. they came nearer and nearer, and arnold golt, on his wiry little bush hack, appeared in view.   '1 back again, mate 1" said lobo, heartily enoush, as the other dismounted.   " ves."   " you're a bit late to-night" " nothing to speak of."   " had a good time in at the creek ? " "pretty middling."   "i suppose you brought the rations and   the whisky."   " aye. there they are, strapped to the   saddle."   "how's miss itounce, arnold?" asked   lobo with a grin.   "oh, she's ail right" he answered, with a lauah and a blush. ' she sends her compli ments, and so does her mother. i showed them the gold. they were awfully pleased"   lobo, whilst he spoke, was busying him self with preparations for the evening   meal.   "aren't you going to have anything to eat, male?" he said, dipping his pannikin into   the billy of tea.   " no; i'm not hungry. i had some bupper   at the store."   " vou had something better than salt junk and damper, i reckon," said lobo, making an attack on the edibles in question with   hu^e clasp-knife.   " well, a fellow doesn't go into cuttrias'a every day,"answered the young man depre   catingly.   "i say, are you going to leave your horse tied up all night i"   "i forgot him," said arnold, rising as he   epoke.   he proceeded to take off the saddle, and led the horse down to the water's edge to drink.^ then he hobbled its forelegs, and removing the bridle allowed the animal to shuffle off into the dark shadows.   " did you clean up whilst i was away ?" he asked, placing the saddle on the ground.   "yes. i put all the dirt througli. itv richer than ever. there must be from fifteen to twenty ounces in what i got. you didn't go barracking in at the creek about tbe claim, did you ?"   "no," answered arnold absently.   didn't say a word to any one except them at llie store, and they'll keep it quiet"   "we don't want the whole district to know about this find. 'i'here'd be a hundred here at trodd's in a week if it got wind. mind and keep a silent toncue in your head unless you want it to get wind. anything btirring at the township ?"   whilst they conversed thus lobo made frequent applications to the whisky bottle arnold brought from cuttriss's creek. arnold himself had thrust it from him with an impatient gesture when his mate offered it t.i him, so that lobo kept it constantly   under his wing.   "anything stirring in the township," he   repeated.   " -no, nothing. there wasn't a stranger in the place. i didn't see anybody but uurtis   land."   " what did lie want?"   " lie told me about a man that had come to the place who knew my brother here in   the old days."   "knew your brother j that's strange.   you see him j"   self"'0' was awfly *osaick'a' by hitu   "and so lie knew you brother. did he tell   i .!!».> j - it! -1 - . . . ^t»   i nm nervous by nature, and easily startled, lie continued, with an uneasy faugh. this place is so infernally lonely, its enough to give a man the horrors. have a drink, mate; it'll set your nerves right."   my nerves don't want setting right," answered arnold, contsmptuousk, " i don't want whisky to steady them. *1 think i'll   turn in."   . " wait a moment. i'll frighten that howl ing devil away. we don't want to have that   m our enra all night* stop a second." \   iie_ went to the hut, and came back with a gun in his hand. loading it with powder only, he fired it in the air. that '11 frighten the howling brute away," he said. .   the report broke loudly on the btill night, reverberating down the rocky glen and awaking a thousaud clamorous echoes. it awoke a momentary response in the queruloub chirpings of some disturbed birds roosting in neighbouring trees, and the clink or hobble chains, where arnold's horse, aroused from his quiet dozing, started off in   sudden alarm.   "aren't you go'in? to give us a tune to night," said arnold, when the echoes had died away.   "all right, i'll fetch th* accordeon."   lie disappeared for a moment within the shadows of the hut, and returned bearingthe instrument in his hand. seating himself once again by the fire, he commenced play ing one of the popular airs of the day with some skill, and then trailing off into a quick accompaniment, broke into a bong. he sang well and with taste, in some foreign language quite beyond hia hearer's powers of compre hension.   "brayvo!" exclaimed arnold, when he had finished. " give us another, mate, in english, with a rattling good chorus as a fellow can join in."   " i'll give yon * rule britannia,'" said the performer, obligingly. "strike up, arnold,"   the voices of the two mates awoke the echoesofthe river-llatright lustily. the young man had something of a tenor voice that was not inharmonious, and his and lobo's deeper tones rang out pleasantly enough in the silent night. they kept up their performance for fully half an hour, until^ arnold, quite hoarse with his lusty bawling, lost his in terest in the proceedings.   "well, i'm going to turn in,"he said at length. " it's getting late."   " i'll btop and smoke a pipe first," said   lobo.   as the young man turned away, lobo piled some wood on the fire, and watched until it broke into a cheery blaze ; then, squatting down, be took a small book out of the breast of his shirt, and bending forward to the light began to peruse it intently.   the water rippled melodiously by, the rocky heights sprang into scintillating visi bility, and then vanished into deepest shade, smoke rolled funereally aloft, and still lobo sat there reading, his pipe in his mouth, his great black eyes steadily fixed on the strangely - bound book. the night wind sighed through the trees, and was strangely mingled with the murmuring of the water; the moving shapes of the trees lent a weird effect to the nighty and in the darkness they seemed to be bending and pointing with grave warning towards the solitary figure by the fire. at last he raised his head, and, closing the book, carefully slipped it inside his shirt then, knocking the ashes out of his pipe, he entered the hut   it was quite dark within, but half discern able on the ground, at one side, lay arnold in repose. taking on his heavy boots and hat, and loosening his beltj lobo, without further preparation for the night, rolled bimselt up m his blankets. before laying himself down, however, he addressed a few words to his companion.   " are you asleep, mate ?" he asked.   "no."   lobo raised himself, and drew both arms from the blankets. liaising them in the air with a curious outward gesture, he waved them to and fro. it was a mysterious per formance, and the man bitting bolt upright in the darkness beemed like one performing a strange, unholy rite. (his long fingers were bent as though as they were claws, hia gaze was fixed and stern, and his arms moved to and fro, up and aown, with a quivering, stealthy movement that was dreadful to look nt lie sat there in the deep obscurity with glittering eyes, making binuous passes with fearful pertinacity. gradually his breathing grew quicker, and the movements of his arms more energetic, until at length he dropped them to his side and crawled silently over to his motionless companion.   as he did so a sudden awakening of the fire lit up the face of the young man with momentary distinctness. it was deathly pale and still. the eyes were half open, but fixed and dead, and with nothing but the whites displayed.   "are you asleep?" asked lobo again, kneel ing over the quiescsnt form like some evil genius.   "no."   the words came with a strange intonation. arnold exhibited no other sign of life; he hardly seemed to breathe. only that answer came from him in a strange muffled voice.   " what is the name of that man the police   officer spoke to you about?" continued lobo, in quiet tones of command. _ . <   the strange voice came again in reply, " yorkey."   the other started with a sudden exclama tion, and when he spoke again it was with greater authority. ...   "did you apeak the truth when yon told me you did not bee him ?"   "yea."   "did burtisland tell you anything?" " no."   "are yon to see this yorkey? "   "yes."   "when?"   "next week."   lobo drew back with a curious expression on his face.   "yorkey!" he muttered. "it is impos sible. but if it is so-what then ? arnold shall see him, and i will learn from him what that one knows. yes, it will be best,   he went on, as he made his way back with less caution to where his own blankets were spread on the ground. " he shall serve me in this as well as the other."   he made a curiously contemptuous gesture in the obscurity, and then laid himself down, turning his face to the wall.       chapter iii yorkey.   caapreu iil   tobket.   the life the two miners led at trodd's was of the loneliest and moat isolated description. from one week'sendio another not a eoul came to disturb their almost solitude.   it was a somewhat carious chance that had led arnold. goltto join his. fortunes with those ofgsbrjel lobo,. a ittw p»onths previously -^shortly afterbftving parted with a former mate-he met with lipbo, apdan acquaint anw was'struck up between them. whph kpbo proposed that thtgr should try some of   iroiityi tqsetbe* at trodd's, aroold cpnsentcd eagerly. there was some* twnr ot a feeling ol fatality in the impulse w^ledth^ounst jo%n to toll in with lobo'a proposal., trodd's was the last place his brouiermd worked in previous to his ny s   tenous disappearance, and it seemed to arnold that there he would be most likely to discover traces of the lost one.   the two were working together at the dig   kings for about three months previous to the i opening of the story. at tirat they started lower down the stream, where the ground was extremely shallow. they tried places where the rock was not more than from three to six feet under the surface, with but in different success, and, finally moving up stream, determined to test deeper ground. in the spot on which tbey pitched they did not, to their surprise, come upon the rock until they had gone down twenty feet. the wash dirt was struck a few days before the opening of the story, and the first results of the waahing-up were remarkably successful. whether there was any quantity of gravel had yet to be proved ; but the little brought up in the nail-can bucket and put through the tub and cradle they used for washing   gear, gave very remarkable results.   for the next few days succeeding arnold's visit to cuttriss's creek, the two mates worked steadily with pick and shovel, and at wind lass and cradle. .when the young man woke up on the morning following that visit, there was nothing in his manner to show that he had any consciousness of the mysterious per formance lobo went through the previous night lie complained of a headache, but this was all, and set about the day'd work in his usual way. *   several days were passed in unremitting toil by both, and the result surpassed even their most sanguine anticipations. they reckoned they were earning at the rate of thirty to forty pounds a week per man.   despite the good luck that attended their efforts, arnold did not lose sight of the duty he had voluntarily taken upon himself. it was the custom of the two mates to alternately ride into cuttriss's creek once a week for rations; bub on the next occasion coming round, arnold expressed a wish to take his companion's place. knowing the reason well enough, and wishing to further it for his own private ends, lobo made no objection.   arnold's first visit was, of couree, to the store. thence he made iiis way to the abode of the police officer, a short distance beyond the store-a tiny weatherboard cottage em bowered in creepers.   iu burtisland were combined a stern de votion to official duty and a refining relish for floriculture, and when arnold rode up he was working in the garden.   " good day," said arnold, dismounting and hitching his horse to the white- washed fence. { "busy?' i   "oh, no; just tidying up a bit i suppose you've come in about that yorkey ?"   he put down the spade and opened the gate.   " come in and sit down for a spell. your horse'll stand by himself, won't he? he won't pull back?"   "oh, no; he'd stand a week. lie's very quiet"   " well, arnold," said burtisland, when they were seated in the tidy little sitting room, " yorkey has been in the township again, but he wouldn't atop- and he's gone again."   a look of intense disappointment clouded the young man's face.   "lie came in two days after you'd been here,"continued the police officer, "and i kept him- drunk for a couple of days, but couldn't manage it any longer, lie's the most restless kind of a being i ever came across seems never to be satisfied unless he's moving. . but, look here, if you want to see him particular, i know where he's working. it's only about two miles from the township. he's fossickin' all by himself in one of the gullies; at least, he was yesterday, though he may have gone away by now. fwas out riding yesterday, looking for a steer that had strayed from mrs.. francey's paddock, and i came across him working away by himself. he's a regular old ' hatter.'"   " £ could find him, then," said arnold, eagerly.   " well, yes. i'll go with yon, if you want me, and show you where he is. you've got your horse here and my mare's iu the stable."   " i'd be awfully obliged if you would. you know how anxious i am to find out what became of poor jem. i'd ride a hundred miles to get news oi him." .   " all right! i'll go and saddle my mare." they set out side by side on their quest a somewhat picturesque pair-burtisland spick and span in his dean military-looking uniform, arnold in his effective miner's i dress and immense slouch hat leaving the   township behind them, they passed over the wooden bridge, and after following the track until it deviated from the creek, struck off into the bush. they proceeded in a direction parallel to the course of the stream, making their way at a quick walk over the rough ground. after continuing thus for over a mile burtisland turned to his companion.   "keep your eyes bkinned, arnold. he may be in any of these gullies, though when i saw him yesterday he was working iu one farther up. but he may have shifted."   both kept a sharp look-out, crossing several rocky watercourses without seeing any sign or track of the fossicker.   " there he is," eaid burtisland at last, sud denly pulling up. "he's working in the same place where i saw him yesterday."   they had gained the top of a slight rise, and through the thick timber arnold could see the figure of a man in the gully beneath, bending down with a tin dish over some clay   coloured water, -   " that's him," said burtisland quietly. " i won't go up with you, because he didn't seem to like my questioning him before. he don't i look like one who cares to hare anything to i do with the law, and it might frighten him t me being with you. you can find your way   back by yourself, so fii leave."   "allright,"-answetedarnold. "i'lltackle him. i'm much obliged to you for the trouble yon've taken, and 1 hope i shall iearn some thing from him." .   " i hopeso, too. good day." and the police officer turned his horae round and quietly made his way back. . , ,   arnold paused a moment before disturbing the lonely worker, and glanced about the timbered ridge on which he stood became gradually depressed in'the direction of the creek, until it lost itself in the hat forming the bank oi the stream. but in the other direction it becarae.moie and more promi nent in outline, until it seemed to meet and mingle with the neatest heights. detached masses of rock lay scattered on the slopes that trended towards the gully, whilst in the defileitself they thickly cambered theground. the opposite steep was covered with scrub, out of which rose at intervals the trunks of forest trees. beyond were the high hills.   it was more to collect his thoughts and; decide on a plan of action than to admire the scenery that arnold had halted on the brow of the hill riding straight down m the di rection of the worker, be uttered a hearty "goodday, mate." .. .. ... i   the mn" had put down bis tin disn on catching sightpf arnold, and stood up with ft scrutinising look he nodded, silently in answer to the salutation. s   " had much luck? saiu arnold.   " not much."   " got anything in the dish ?" "a few specks."   "these gullies have all been pretty well worked out, i reckon."   . "pretty nigh," grunted the man. "say, hev you got a match on you? i'm pretty n'uli   run out."   " yea. i've plenty," answered arnold, seeing an opening for establishing more friendly rela tions. 41 and i've got some 'bacca to spare if you're short. i'll light up, too."   he jumped off his horse, and pulling the bridle over its head, allowed it to go free and crop the coarse crass. both men then, taking out their pipes, filled and lighted them, and indulged in a few preliminary whilta. 1   as the " hatter" was cutting up his tobacco,   arnold took the opportunity of examining him i more closely. he was short, broad, and grizzled, llis cheek hones were remarkably high, and a peculiar thin growth of wiry beard grew in tufts over his chin. his clothing was dirty. altogether he was not at all attractive in appearance.   "look here, mate," said arnold, after a pause, " i've come especial to see you, hearing that you were fossickin' in some of these gullies by the creek, and so "   " who told you i was?" he interrupted, roughly.   "the police officer. the one that was1 speaking to you." i   " you're the cove as wants to hear about jem tiolt, then."   " yes, that i nm. i'm his brother." |   " his brother. you're like him, too- | leastways, what he was. well, i don't know nothin' about what became of jem golt, so you've had your trouble for nothin'."   " look here, yorkey " exclaimed arnold.   " you're pretty handy with my name," j growled that worthy. i   " look here," said arnold, without taking any notice of the interruption, " i'm jem's   brother, and i want to find out what became i of him. i'd take it friendly, if you know j anything, if you'd tell it me." j   the old miner had been leaning against a ] handy boulder as he filled his pipe and spoke j to the young man, but at arnold's last | words he took up the tin dish again and made as though to resume his interrupted labours.   " i don't know anythin' about jt," he growled. " so it's no use barrackin' away for nothin'."   " i'm willing to pay," continued arnold, pulling a bundle of greasy notes from his pocket " see-here's a couple of notes for any information."   the misanthropic yorkey eyed the flutter ing slips of paper with a look in which were blended mistrust and longing. iu his eyes they were an equivalent for an enjoyable and prolonged debauch.   " well, what is it you want to know?' he said, wavering.   '' any thine about jem golt you may know," answered arnold eagerly.   the man deliberately put down the tin dish and sucked at his pipe for a moment in silence.   " what should i know ?" he exclaimed. " i knowed him well enough over there at trodd's. but how do i know what became of him ? he went away afore i did."   " well, tell me what you know about him. i'll make it worth you while, a few notes i shan't stand between us."   the grizzled face of the "hatter" assumed a look of greater interest.   " well, look here, mate. give us a fiver,   | and i'll tell you what i know." !   miners-and more especially lucky ones- i are proverbially free-handed with money.   without hesitation arnold took five greasy j   notes from the bundle.   " there you are. now, let's hear what yon ] have got to tell us."   folding the notes, yorkey thrust them into j   his boot.   " give us a match," he said. " my pipe's ! gone out" |   he lighted-up once again with extreme   deliberation, and waited until bia pipe was |   in full blast before speaking.   " well, i knew jem golt well enough," he i   said at length. " he was workin' over at   trodd's there, at the first rush. there was j   about a hundred of us one way and another i -sluicing. the ground was pretty shaller, j and there was a stiihsh bit of gold got until j it gave out. jem golt and his mate got a, good bit of luck one way and another. the j   last time i see them they had a 'undred ounces or more."   " what was his mate's name ?'   " let's see, now," answered the old man.   " i mostly forget. some d-d furrineerin' j   cove he was. oh, aye; mathias was his   name. lie was a portigee, from some place | in india, and a a-d cut-throat- iookin* cuss he was, too."   "a portugee?' exclaimed arnold, with a   btart   " well, leastways somethin' like it, though he got in the devil's own scot if you called him it he'd swear an' cuss till all was blue if you called him a portigee. he said he was an englishman."   " what did you say his name was?"   "don't i tell you-mathiasv answered yorkey, with an anpry exclamation. "are you deaf, or do you think i'm tellin' you lies!"   the young man took no notice of this out burst yorkey continued   " him and jem golt was workin' together, and then they both left the camp. i dunno where they went to, and it wasn't none of my business to inquire. they'd worked out the paddock ias they were btrippin', so i suppose they shifted somewheres else."   " but jem was never heard of after that," said arnold. " i've been all over the coun try, and there's never a man set eyes on him after he left trodd's."   ' " well, anddid i ever say there was. how am i to know what became of him. he went away when they'd worked out the ground, and his mate follered him."   " and they had gold, you say?"   " ain't i tellin* you they had ? nigh on a 'undred ounces. i see it with my own eyes. jem golt went away to cuttriss's over yander to get it weighed, and his mate follered him. i never seed any more ot neither of them after that."   "i believe h% was murdered, and by that portugee."   yorkey gave a short laugh that had nothing   of amusement in it.   "i'm not aayin* he was, and im not sayin* he wasn't" he answered doggedly. " but i expect if you want to hear about jem golt you'd best ask that black-'arted cuss of a mathias." «...   " do you think be murdered htm for the gold!" asked arnold quickly.   "do i think!" answered yorkey politely "and what's it to you what i think? i'm not coin' to get myself into trouble by accus-' ing nobody. i've had enoagh of the lor, cuss it i'mnot goln' tosay nothin' more."   arnold tried him with a few more ques tions, but he surlily refused toreply. he aqswered in nothing butxnonosyllables, going on wlth his work all the time, so that the young man was iorccd to depart without fur ther information. .   he epent little time w the township   merely sufficient to buy the weekly rations, and then left for trodd'a.   lobo greeted him in his usual cordial way as he rode into camp, eyeins him furtively, however, with a good deal of interest. nothing passed between the two relative to the object of arnold's visit to cuttriss creek until tbey sat at their modest evening meal round the camp fire.   it was evident that the young miner's thoughts were preoccupied, for he sat with his damper and salt-beef in his hands, idly cutting off small shreds with his clasp-knife. i at last he turned to his companion.   " i saw that man," he said, briefly. " well, and what did you hear?"   " not much. he only knew that my brother was mates with a portugee, and that they both left the camp down there together. they weren't heard of after that, and they had about a hundred ounces of gold on 'em. i have no doubt the portugee murdered poor jem for the dust."   " you suy they were never heard of. per haps they were both killed by bushrangers or   such like."   " maybe. but i have a kind of feeling that that d-d portugee was at the bottom of it. look here, lobo; you're a portugee youraelt did you ever know a man from your country named mathias?"   a fierce look liitted across the face of gabriel lobo at this sudden question, and he 6turted to his feet with an energy that made the younger man stare.   "a portugee!" he exclaimed, furiously. " what d'ye mean by calling me that? it's a lie. i'm no d-d portugee. i'm an aus tralian, and as good a man as you, arnold golt let me have no more of your cursed foolery. i tell you i'm no portugee, and never was one."   what was it caused the young man to start to his feet in the way he did? what was it caused him involuntarily to shrink back from his companion as though from some noxious reptile ? was it because he remembered the words of the fossicker when he spoke of mathias ?   "a poitigee from some place as india leastways somethin' like it, though lie got in the devil's own scot if you called him it. he'd swear and cuss till all was blue if you called him a portigee. lie said be was an englishman."   was it the recollection of those words that caused him to recoil in horror from his companion 1 he approached lobo with a strange look in his eyes.   "did you know a man named llathias?" he asked in a harsh whisper.   "never !" answered lobo fiercely.   "never?" exclaimed arnold meaningly. " and yet that man told me that mathias was a portugee from india, and denied it with curses as you have done, and called himself an englishman. it is strange."   gabriel lobo uttered a loud laugh.   " strange-not at all. he must have been a goa man like me. all the goa men hate the portugees. and think it an insult to be called one. i've been in australia for years, and look upon myself as a native. i suppose this mathias must have done the same. there is nothing strange in that"   he spoke easily, and with a certain air of conviction that did not fail to have its efl'ect upon arnold, whose strained attitude re laxed ; his face gradually losing the look of intense horror it had worn.   " besides, i don't call myself an english man. i call myself an australian continued lobo. " i tell you no goa man will allow himself to be called a portugee. they hate them."   "it may be so," muttered arnold. "it may be so. i suppose it is."   "suppose it is," echoed lobo. "why, arnold, you can't think that i know or have heard of this mathias ? if i did. surely i'd tell my mate. why should i want to keep it dark? you are not yourself."   " perhaps i'm not," answered the young man, too generous and right-minded to harbour suspicion that had little or 110 justification. "i didn't mean what i said. but it always upsets me when i talk about poor jem."   "don't say another word, my lad," answered lobo magnanimously. "it's a curious thing, though, that this mathias should have been a goa man the same as we. there aren't so many of them in the colony. but i never knew one of that name. what was his last name?"   " i never thought of asking."   nothing further passed between the two mates. without another word arnold went into the dark hut, leaving lobo crouching before the fire. as the form of young golt disappeared in the dark shadows, the (joan followed him with his gleaming eyes.   " what does it mean ?" he muttered. "that yorkey. could he have ? if so it is time to act, to test the value of the power that should make gabriel lobo a king amongst men, bending them to his pleasure, making them the creatures of his will. yes ; the time has come to act"   muttering thus to himself, he rose from his crouching position over the fire and made bis way into the hut   rolling himself up in his blankets, he extended his arms towards arnold lying in the bliadows, and bilently made those mysterious passes he had executed so often   before.   then the sound of a voice broke the death like stillness that reigned inside the hut   " was all you said this evening true ? did you keep anything back that yorkey told you?   " no."   the answer came back in arnold's voice, but in a strangely quiet tone.   " do you suspect anybody ?" " i don't know."   "how? you don't know! is there any suspicion at all in your mind ?"   the answer was lone in coming, and wavered even then as iu doubt.   " no."   i " think again. is there the slightest sus bpicion in your mind of anyone ? tell me the   exact truth."   once again the response wavered. # " lobo's wotds sounded to me strange."   the questioner dropped into his blankets with a quick movement   "the first seed of doubt is sown. it is enough," he hissed. "he suspects.'; it is time for me to act"       chapter iv rounce.   chapter iv.   bounce.   the next fortnight was spent by the two mates at the shaft and tub and cradle. the work was the more congenial on account of the rematkable returns. they had been on the waahdirt for about a month, and the re sult was some two hundred ounces, which filled a stoat leathern bag, buried for safety   in the floor of the hut   the rich dirt they h&4 strnck4 ho| was nothing more than a "pa day: the warnings gave^limallec^ at the end of the month prove to lobo'a experletk   would, in ail probability, run before ions. . '   dhrjng thia tirae,   seemed to cotiife over attuflo ,   a hnppy temperameufc a strange   aeetncd to weigh down his spirits. he i worked on as usual, and continued in the) bame round of duties: but everything he did i was performed with n listlossness and ' hebetude that hocamo more and more marked ; a3 (he days lied by. outwardly, at jeast, lie i became a changed man-his gaiety, even his i natural energy, had left. |   through some sudden caprice, lobo: seemed to have a strong disinclination to take | bis bliare in the weekly expeditions for i rations into cuttiiss's i'reek, and persuaded | arnold to go instead. on four consecutive j occasions arnold rode into the township, and i each lime that he visited the store mrs. ; francey and her daughter noted the change that was only too apparent in him.   they were too deeply interested in the young man not to give some expression to tiieir feelings of alarm ; but he met their   anxious inquiries and questionings with so i much irritation and impatience that it be-' came at last impossible to mention the matter   t° him. ,, . a .   arnold rave way to sudden bursts ot un reasoning anger on the slightest provocation ; when not so, he was seldom otherwise than depressed moody and silent.   at first his altered demeanour was the sub ject of much sorrowful discussion between mrs. francey and her daughter. they thought at tlie outset that he must be suffer ing from some illness, but when on each occasion that he visited the store lie con tinued to exhibit the same signs of depres sion and irritation, whilst his appearance showed that he could not possibly be suller ing from any physical ill, they reluctantly came to the conclusion-at least mrs. i'raiieey did-that it was success that was warping the young man's nature. on one occasion he gave way to such a burst of unreasoning anger that it led to a direct breach between ium   and k ounce. . ,   she had been saying a lew anxious words | relative to his altered conduct, exhorting him j to give up for a time the lonely life he was i   leading. , , , .... i   "1 am sure it is doing you liarm; arnold. | she said, laying her hand beseechingly on ins i arm. "you are not the old, loving arnold. i something has changed you. i can t imagine , what it is. i'm sure it is not the right thing i lor vou to be over there at trodd s so lonely. | it must be the life therethat is changing),-n. j mr. lobo may be all right and work haul, i   but-but--" " .   arnold threw the girls hand ott his arm ! with a sudden, almost rough gesture.   "what do you know about lobo?' ne ex claimed, harsh iv. ''you ve got a down up >n him, that's what it is. don't you know lie s making my fortune''"   "yes, but " . . .   "but what? what are you intending for? you've always got something to ^av against me now. you never leave me alone for a minute. 1 tell you i'm all right, and 1 don't want a parcel of women interfering in my affairs." i >   " have i not the right, arnoldshe asked   cgd tly.   "no; you haven't. i know what's best for me better than you do. were not mar ried yet. wait till we are before you try and make me do what you want.'   " if it is to be like this," she interposed borrowfully, "1 can't hope for much happi   ness in our married life." j   the young man struck the table with lus   clenched list in a sudden access ot anger. i   "well, it" you think that," he cried hotly,   "you'd beet not marry at all. you know j your own mind best. if you dont like it, there's nobody wants to force you to it.   rounce's face flushed proudly, fehe was a high-spirited young woman, wholly unused to violence or recrimination on the part of her   lover. , .. .   " well, if that's the way you talk to me it's better that we should break oft, she answered proudly. "i'm not used to such language from you or anyone else and ) ex pected it least of all from you, arnold.   "then you shouldn't try and cross me every time i sec you. i don t want to bind nobody to a promise they dont want to   ^the girl drew herself up haughtily.   "i've heard enough. i'm tired of this wrangling, and i don't want any more of it. i give you back your word, and 1 think we d best keep apart for the future.'   "mind, you've said it-not me. louve broken it off, and i'll never see you any   more." , . ..   he seized his hat, and, jamming it on tightly, went out of the store. 1 he girl gazed apprehensively after him, and, starting im pulsively forward, cried, " arnold, come back." but he either did not hear, or paid do attention, and tlie poor girl sank into a chair in a passion of bitter tears. i   mrs. francey entered the sittingroom. and, | seeing her daughter in tears, raised her head j   with a mother's tenderness. ?   " what is it, kounce. my darling? don t cry 60. has arnold done or said anything to   annoy you ?"   " oh, mother, mother! our engagement is broken off," she sobbed.   "only for a time, my dear. hell come back ; i'm sure he will. it's nothing but a loolish quarrel, that both will get over in a few days. tell me what it was." j   "he came here," sobbed the girl, "and, said the-the most cruel things. 1 do- don't j know what's come over him lately. he isn't i the same at all. ob, mother, i am so an-1   happy."   mrs. francey embraced her daughter ten   derly.   " don't cry, my child. it will all come | right in the end. perhaps it is best, as he   has changed so much." 1   "oh, no, no ! i love him so."   " and i am sure he loves you, my darling. but he has altered bo much that i have often trembled of late at the thought of trusting   my daughter's happiness to him. calm | yourself. perhaps it is best as it is for the   {jresent all will come right in the end, be   ieve me." - .---* -   as they stood there, mother and daughter, locked in a loving embrace, the sound of galloping hoofs passed in front of the store.   " there be is," said the girl, with a low cry. " he's going away without saying a word. ob, mother ! it's all over now between | us." |   wholly unconscious of his sweetheart's pabsionate outburst of feeling, arnold golt galloped furiously along the track that led to troda's, driving his spurs into the hanks of tbe wiry little animal he bestrode at the slightest sign of its relaxing speed. his brow was clouded, and his gaze fixed and stern, bat gradually as he approached his home the fierceness died out of bis face, and was replaced by one indicating moodiness and depression. he did not slacken pace, however, bat burst into the camp with start*   lldlzdwas^land ing by the tub and cradle   which they used for washing dirt. he was not yr>r1rinff, bat absorbed in a book. as   jrarat opon him he slipped the volume i shirt and took a step or two for   , 1 back again," he exclaimed, made varraman go, he's *u in a nodded moodily.   i " have you brought (lie rations?"   "no," lie answered sharply.   "how's that? forgot 'em? you'll hnve lo go in again then to-morrow or the next day, we've hard i v any tucker left."   " i ain't going in any more," lie answered, taking the na l<lle oil' his panting horse ami hinging it on the ground. 11 1 have had   enoui'h of cattriss's."   lobo shot a scrutinising glance at his coin pinion, but refrained ironi further question ing fur the moment. '   hater in the evening, as they sat round the camp (ire, the conversation turned again 011 arnold's visit to the township.   "]'id you see your friend-what did you say his name was? yorkey ?" asked lobo.   "no; he's away somewhere."   " away, ia he? who told you?"   " ilurtisland."   " left the township for good, lias be?" " yes ; 1 think so."   " them fellows never stop long in one place," said lobo, not displeased at the news. " but what's up with you to-night? you   seem down in the mouth."   the young man gave a short unpleasant (lauch.   " had a row with my girl," he raid moodily. after a pause-" we've broken off."   "the devil you have!" said lobo with a i start. " what was that for ?"   i "she was finding fault with me, and i   didn't like it. we had a regular barney, and we've broken off for good. i don't mind.   boo'ce francev.-chap. j,   i'm sick of it all. i don't think ebe ever cared a button tor me."   he threw himself at full length on the ground, and lobo watched him with gleam ing eyes. whatever thoughts passed through the mind of the goan he gave tliem no outlet, but sat there intently watching his comrade.   at last be broke silence.   " we've hardly any tucker left i think i'll take a ride into cuttriss's to- morrow and bring some out i haven't been in for over a   month now."   " a lot of work we'll do at this rate," growled arnold, lying before the fire   " i'll go in after four," answered lobo quietly. " i don't intend to waste a day, nor yet half a day. i'll go in for rations at sun down, and be out again before night"   his companion made an impatient gesture of assent, and lobo did not moot the matter again. he produced his accordeoa, and sang and played until it was time to turn in for   the sight   next day, towards the middle of the after noon, lobo knocked off work, and, catching the horse that did doty in carrying both the mates, saddled it and set out for cuttriss's. he looked quite a romantic figure as he made his way rapidly towards the township. he was got up for the occasion. his mole skin trousers and shirt were not those he ordinarily wore, but donned for the occasion. his long knee-boots were made as shiny as repeated washings in the trodd could effect he had shaved, and even gone so far as to crop his coarse, black hair. a red scarf, worn as a belt, lent the effect of colour to his appearance, added to which, his thin, droop ing moustache, and slouch hat, and short frieze coat gave him a certain picturesqueness   of appearance. j   he rode straight for the store on reaching the township, but, instead of putting bis j   lior.se up in <iit» stable, as arnold did on his i visits, he tied it to a neighbouring fence. i   there were three or four persons in the | store when he entered. mrs. j-'rancey was j behind die counter, lhirlisland, tlie police ? oliieer, was loaning against it, whilst two or i three miners, who had come 1o buy j rations, were passing the time in congenial j   tali; and interchange ot ideas.   '* that there war in yurnp seems to 1»«? a . pretty hut 'tin, bujs,'' said one, continuing ' the conversation, alter greetings had been : exchanged between the occupants of the   store and lobo. " tlu?ie'o plenty of lightin' : goin' tin " i   " i knowed there was a war somewheres , before 1 heerd of it," exclaimed another. "i'll tell you iinw 1 knowed it. i seed a comet the very night atore the news came.   me and hill there was prosnectiu' up ilenuio i way, and both on us seed the comet. ' hill," ses i, ' i'll bet my boots as there's fightin* goin' on somewheres.' it's always the way when you see a comet the time afore i seed one, the very same night there was an almighty fight between jim the grunter and tra-ia-la-dicu. hill there'll tell ye that directly i see'that there comet i said as there was fightin' goin' on somewheres. it's always   the case."   " right you are, mate." answered the man addressed. " you did eay so. 1 mind it   well."   " well, i've seed comets often enough,"   interjected one of the listeners, incredulously;'   " and i never heard tell of no war or fightin'   arterwards."   during the discussion tliat followed this direct denial of the lormer speaker's nstro nomical theory, the police oflicer and lobo exchanged a few words.   "how's arnold?"asked liurtuland. " he's all right"   " la he coming over boon, do you know? i want to see hira."   " i daresay he'll be over here next week," answered lobo, carelessly. " he's not been al lately. i'll take him a message, it you   like."   " oh, no; it doesn't matter. it'll keep."   " arnold was telling me about that man what's his name?-yorkey. js it anything about him ? if it is, 1 can tell him jubt as   well "   " never mind. it's nothing particular."   " yorkey's g^ne-hasn't lie?" persisted   lobo.   " yes: i think so. i haven't seen bim lately, lie must have cleared out"   " well, i daresay arnold will be in early next week. i'll tell bim to call on you, if you like."   lobo turned away with a .nod, and made his way up to the counter, behind which stood mrs. francey.   " is that you," mr. lobo?" she said. " we haven't seen yon for a long time. come into the sittingroom and see my daughter. she'll be glad to see you. here's mr. lobo, ilounce," fine continued, ushering the visitor   into the room.   the girl rose as he entered.   "is-is arnold with you?" she faltered.   "arnold? no. i left him in charge of the camp over at trodd's," he responded with a bmirk. " i came in tbia time instead of him."   "take a chair," baid the widow. "we   want to speak to you about arnold, if you 1 don't mind." i   the polite goan, fingering his long mous- i tnche gracefully, did as directed, with a glance j of respectitil adtnirati >11 at the young girl, i for tlie nonce be assumed a manner totally at variance with his usual method. he was admiring, courteous, and anxious to please.   " i think 1 know what you mean about 1 arnold," he said with a fiinh. " i'oor: arnold. he has changed. lie has grown   quarrelsome, low-spirited, moody, lie is no ] longer the arnold of old. 1 think, poor i fellow, his head is not strong." j   "goodness gracious! you don't mean to; sav that " ejaculated mrs. francev. j   " i don't know. i don't understand these; tilings. only i .know lie has changed to me.   if i did not look upon him as u brother, 1 ( could not f-tand his bad temper. you have   noticed this change too, 1 know ; because lie ; told me liow lie had quarrelled with miss i lvounce. lie has no secrets from me, poor   fellow," continued the bolt hearted lobo. ; "although he is bo hitter sometimes, lie, knows that lie has a true iriend in me, and j he tells lue all his troubles." (   the man spoke with n certain assumption j of honest warmth, that apparently went far i to impress his hearers. sirs. fraticey and 1 her daughter looked anxiously at him, and i the elder lady said, " what can it be that has 1 made him change, so?"   the sympathetic lobo elirugzed his shoulders, "i don't know. 1 don't under   stand these tilings. but i fear the poor fellow is not strong here"-lie touched his forehead suggestively. " lie is growing stranger nnd stranger. i try to amuse him. i play to him, and sing and talk, but it is all   no gotxl."   " arnold has often told us how beautifully you play and sing." said m re. francey,   the visitor made bis acknowledgment by   a polite gesture.   " it is nothing. a mere trick. but i do   it to amuse bim,"   during this colloquy between loboand her mother, koance had remained silent. he eyed her furtively as be spoke about his friend, and after a pause turned and ad dressed bis conversation more directly to   ber.   " it is strange-this conduct of arnold's. it must give you pain, miss rounce."   " i am sorry for bis sake," she answered, with a slight heightening of colour.   "for his. oh yes, of course. all bis friends must be-and lor yours too," be added   softly.   the flush in the girl's face deepened.   " no one has need to be sorry for me," she   returned, proudly.   "no ? i am very pleased to hear it then. pardon me, miss, for speaking so plain, but 1 thought this would have hurt yon even more tban poor arnok he has often told mo how devoted-how loving bis sweetheart was. he was fond of telling of bis conquest, poor fel low. ah 1 be baa every right to be proud   and boast of it"   the ooan painted the remark with an open look of admiration that bad little disguise about it. tbeflnsh in the girl's face deepened still more. she neither liked ber visitor's manner nor bis allusion to arnold's boasting   of her love.   "poor arnold," continued lobo softly (and   it \v.«h n noticeable hint whenever tic ro ? feiied to his mate now, he spoke in a pitying -almost. contemptuous way)-" l'oor arnold:   | lledoes not know the value of the pri/.e he   j has lost." .   | affiin his lar^e piercing <\v<?8 shot a pi mce   of admiration nt the girl. she moved uneasily   under 11is ca/,o.   i "well," said mrs francey with ;i   : "it's n pity to see a young man alter for the   worse 1 lue that."   " it is .so," he answered suavely. " liiii von can rely upon me to do my beat. i will" do lull i can to brinp; him back to reason, and   ! eliow how wrutin he is toseorn miss bounce's   | love '   | "scorn !" vehemently exclaimed the vouii" | rr',rl, " does he do that? is that what lie   says? it is too much. i don't want to hear 1 another word about him."   ! koance rose from her seat with nil im ? petuous movement. she looked very attrac   tive-even imposing-drawn up to her lull   ; heuht, the angry colour dyeing her cheeks,   her eves bright and llashins.'.   ; ']"he visitor gazed at her m open wonder; j for the moment he seemed to lose his ; habitual self-command in his excessive ! admiration. lie recovered himself, however,   ' and continued boftly as ever   " ah ! you are offended, and no wonder, i it is too bad, as you say. l'oor arnold ; i   cannot help thinking his head is not over , htrouir. hutdonotbealarmed. lwilllook after   him. 1 shall take care no harm comes from it."   what! do yon think it is as bad as that ?"   i ejaculated mrs. francey in dismay.   6l>rugke<i his shoulders.   "who knows what turn he may take. there is no doubt that there must be a weak ness somewhere. i hope it is nothing with all my _heart. but who knows? this peculiarity may take a sudden turn- perhaps   a serious one."   lie shrugged his shoulders again. and spread out his hands wilh a gesture thai implied a creat deal more than his actual words. his insinuation plainly produced   a painful effect.   little more was said. shortly afterwards, the young girl left the room, and hobo-the attraction being gone-went with the widow into the store to purchase rations.   as he left with his purchases, wrapped up   i in a clean flour bag, under his arm, he came   into violent collision with a man entering at   the doorway.   "hello, mate!" exclaimed the other thickly. "where are you shovin'to? why don't you keep to your own side of the   track ?"   lobo's package had been knocked from under his arm. he stooped to pick it up.   " why don't you look where you are going''" he answered roughly. " haven't you got eyes   in ycur head?"   lie rose from his stooping position as he spoke. a sudden change came over his face aahedideo.and he started hack. the man stood blocking up the doorway, steadying himself against the post he seemed to he more than half-drunk, for his body swayed to and fro,   and his eyes blinked tishily.   " hello !" he exclaimed suddenly. " who are you, mate? what's your brand*"   " what's that to you ?" growled lobo. and strange to say, hie voice sounded differently from ordinary. "let me out, i'm in a   hurry."   he pushed by, and made for his horse standing saddled and bridled near by. vaulting into the saddle, he did not wait to strap his package on, but galloped rapidly   off.   after lobo had passed out, the man in the doorway staggered out on to the road, with the evident intention of addressing hi in again, but lobo was far away. . .   "bust me," he exclaimed, standing in toe middle of the road, and watching the retreat ing figure. "bustme! if i ain't seen that cove somewberes afore. he's going along at a ripping pace, as if he had the devil behinf him. blow roe i but i know his face, whoever be is. i'll arsk who be is in at the store.       chapter v the victim.   chapter v.   the victim.   trodd's was all aglow in the afternoon nun- , shine. the waters of the river sparkled as they rippled gently on their way; the foliage on its banks was tipped with a golden glow, the heaps of mullock assumed a brightness that had nothing in common with their want of symmetry. the slopes were patterned with   <p li 'litaiul shade. for into the dis 1,|k'" i'i'.p stretching bills gleamed bright, and   "v-rs   : ' i clouds, resting motionless behind   ,n.rfhfht summits, followed the con 1 . tiuii of the heights, and was trnns   llfrme i by tlie distance into snow - clad '"tn^the river ilat lobo and arnold were   ri-ii.ir at the cradle and tub that stood   neavthe mouth of the shaft. nothing but   ,e whish, whisli cf water, and the harsh "pnk of the cr;idle. disturbed the stillness lor p"ine time, until arnold's voice broke the '"""veon.ir   "not a blessed colour," answered the otl,er, with a curse. "the gold's gone clean   had we better try another tubful?" said arnold, after a pause. _ _   ' " \\}e, and more than one before we give it i,eat " answered lobo savagely. "shove u-ha't's in the tub into the hopper."   they both set to work again silently and energetically, until a considerable amount of tvipprave.l had been put through the cradle.   " well; how is it now?" asked arnold.   "it's a aliicer, and no mistake. there ^in't a speck on any of the ledges-not a speck. we needn't put through any more there nin't anything in it. we'll get out some irom the other end of^the drive to-morrow. it rosy a bit better.   the two mates were receiving practical ex perience ol the glorious uncertainty of mining. their ei dorado seemed to be slipping away from their grasp beyond hope of recovery.   the course of the next day's labours went to prove this, for towards the close they stood :aee to face with the fact that in all narls of the drive the result was the same the wnslidirt was entirely barren. trodd's hail always been proverbially "patchy," and this was only a further proof in point.   however, these were ilie facts of the case iheybad won some two hundred ounces irom the mine, and that seemed to be all they were likely to get.   "that's about four hundred notes apiece," said lobo thoughtfully. "not much when all's said and done. still we'd best not give it up yet we'll have another try in the drive. it we follow up the gutter we may strike another patch. it's worth trying."   "not i," said arnold irritably. "i'm not poni? to do any more yackering here for nothing give ine half the gold and let me dear. i've had enough of this cursed hole."   " you can do as you like," answered lobo contemptuously. "i'll stop, and i daresay i can get another mate if you want to clear out but you'd best stop."   "i know what's best for me," answered the young man testily. " don't you be laying down the law to me. i tell you i'm going, and 1 want half the gold."   you shall have it then," replied lobo with a snarl. "we'll whack it to-morrow, if you like."   the young man turned away without another word, and lobo remained, idly rock ing the empty cradle.   "it'ii a biggish pile," he muttered thought fully. "two hundred ounces-it means over eight hundred notes. he wants his whack tomorrow, eh? what if i-no- no; it won't do. it is strange," he continued more meditatively still, wrinkling hia forehead in deep thought-"it is stranee how antago nistic his nature is. when i command him, nil is as it should be; but when i release iiim his opposition grows each day stronger. can he suspect my power? no. it is im possible. liis fool's mind couldn't conceive it. it is beyond him."   "'two hundred ounces," he continued, re verting to his former train of thought ' .'it's a small fortune for a man of genius and enterprise. it is tempting. but no; if i take it-what about   the girl? no; it willnotdo-not just yet, at all events. there must be a plan of gaining both, and gabriel lobo will lind it out. but that dolt, that slave -i must apeak with   him."   heraisedhiaarms, executed in a quick way tlie passes he had before directed towards arnold. he coutii)u''d this for about live minutes, liia gestures urowing   wore and more ener getic, until arnold emerged from the hut. the young man slowly approached the ^esiiculating uoan, as though drawn l.y some un been attraction. ilia eyes were wide open, but nothing save the whites were visible. he walked delibe rately across the in tervening bpace without halt or biumblo; his eyes were turned in wards, and yet he still beeuied to see the   obstacles in his path. lobo eyed him with j» cruel, exulting look of triumph as he approached, and addressed him in tones of stern com   mand.   "you are not to fjo awuy. you are to remain here with   and keep on at tue work. do you understand?"   (' y>-"   "then obey. the fold will be kept buried in the floor of the hut when we have finished our "jork here we will ?i re it, and not till   yes!" y°uhear?'"   the answer came »pin, dull and emo   88 before.   ht? mindt and   stap-* afitets   jjj8figure with a look " ®a?age triumph   . »b« lh.tvam,"''   he muttered. " th|b m,w 'heold brah   k^ughtmeingoa   ar years ago - to   ' tim-y ual» c.ain'kl) thj' top of a kl.icht rise, and thuol'ch the thick timber arnold ch'i.i) skk tim: ri'.tkk of a man in the   gully beneath, bending down with a tin dish over some clat-colol'ited water."-chap. iii.   view on clctltlss'a creek.   command men, and make them the creatures my will-to make them likebeasta before me of -gabriel lobo, the conqueror of men. what may be not do in time? just two months this dolt, this brute, iibb been ander my influence, and now what is he? the crea ture of my will-my slave. it ib a wonderlul power. itshall bring me wealth-pow er everything i desire, for it has cost me enough labour, and time, and study to gain it"   when he liked, lobo seemed to be able to   divest bis speech of those colloquial peculi arities that ordinarily characterised him in common with the rest of the colonial mining   fraternity.   " aye, a wonderful power," he continued, in his sinister triumph. "it makes gabriel lobo a king amongst men i ha ! i love to exerciw. my power and see this dog obeying my slightest wish. come, slave. i want you," he exclaimed in a burstof aavapeexult ation, executing rapid passes as he spoke.   " i want to show myself the power of oabriel   lobo'a will."   as he spoke the unfortunate young man came towards him in the samemannerhe had   done previously. .   "there, look. arnold,"exclaimeathegoan with a savage laugh, pointing towards the ground, "there'syoursweetheart, lyingdead."   a muffled cry burst from the other's lips, and he threw himself down on his knees in a sudden access of overmastering grief.   there was nothine there, bat the unfortu nate man bent down with the tears streaming down hib lace, as though there was au actual body stretched out on the ground.   " quick ! quick !" screamed lobo, gesticu lating like a mud man. " it's a snake - a poisonous snake."   arnold sprang to his feet with a shrill cry -his grief ha<i vanished, his face blanched with terror. he stood trembling in every limb, regarding the spot be had lately   bent over in such profound sorrow, .   horror and affright marked ill every featur£ot   " vou are bitten," screamed lobo again. " in the leg. there. below the kn«e."   the young man bent down trembling like on aspen ; his face expressing the direst terror, lie actually took his clasp knife from his pocket as though to cat the piece oat. liut the goan stopped him by another ex   clamation.   " it is cured. it is better," he cried. "lis ten to the music. it's a jig. dance, fool,   dance."   he whistled a lively lune, clapping hia hands ns an accompaniment, and the fasci nated arnold immediately straightened him self up and commenced to make some ungainly steps, as though dancing.   "faster! faster!" shrieked lobo in a kind of frenzy.   arnold's steps became more and more rapid, until great beads of perspiration roiled down his face.   "enough !" cried lobo, himself seemingly exhausted, for the sweat stood thick on his   face. " go back, now, and sleep."   " this is what i can do then, ' he muttered to himself more calmly, when the unfortu nate young man had gone back to the hut. "only two months have i worked on that fool, and this is the result. but i forgot myself. i must never do that again. i ex haust him and myself. bat 1 love to exer cise my power-it makeb me feel a 'rue king -one in a thousand. a thousand?-a mil lion. who is there in this miserable country lias the same power i have ? how many are there? the brahmin, my master, was right when he said he would make me as a god. but that piece of foolery has exhaustedme. i was mad to do it."   he made hia way over to the camp fire in front of the hut, and laid himself down by it tne billy, half-filled with tea, was standing in the corner, and he dipped a pannikin into it and took a long draught.   " that pig will take three or four hours to sleep it off," he muttered. " there's nothing to do, so i'll have a sleep too. i'm tired to death after that fool's play."   he stretched himself out on the bare ground with one arm under his head, and before ion? his regular breathing testified to the fact that he had fallen asleep.   as the time went on the river flat was curiously silent, bathed in the rays of the afternoon sun. a few birds twittered in the trees, a gentle wind faintly rustled the leaves and long grass, and the shining waters of the trodd rippled with a faint cadence. but otherwise no sound came to disturb the still ness. as the sun gradually sank towards the west, the gigantic shadows 01 the hills began to creep across the flat. but these were the only changes that came to the camp ; all else remained as it was, and the stillness brooded over it undisturbed.   suddenly the figure of a man on the sum mit of the ran^e stood out clearly defined against the sky.   he stood motionless for a moment, look ing down on the sleeping valley, and then disappeared behind the brow of the hill. a few minutes afterwards he came into sight again, descending tlie si >p^ng track. he crossed the fallen gum that still formed the only bridge across the stream, and made his way towards the camp <if the two miners.   lobo still lay by tlie fire asleep.   lie was ordinarily a liglit sleeper, but perhaps consequent on the exertion he had gone through a short time previously, the arrival of the new-comer did not arouse him.   " humph muttered the stranger to him self. "camp all quiet. nobody about hello! there's someone."   he caught sight ot' lobo stretcher! out on the ground before the lire. perh ips the man had some motive, or it may have been only the exercise of a customary caution, but he   stepoed quietly -al most stealthily - up to the sleeping man and gazed curiously in his face. he stood for a ionvr time in the same position, and when lie drew back -:is stealthily aa he had advanced-there was a look of mingled distrust and triumph in his face that it had not worn pre viously. as quietly as he had approached tiie sleeping man he made his way to the hut and entered it.   arnold was on the floor inside, appa rently asleep.   the visitor went up to him and shook him by the shoulder.   " mate," he said, in a low growl. "ain't any of you awake ?"   the body of the   young man moved   dully under his hand, but the eyes neither opened nor did he give any sign of life.   "well.rmblowed!" exclaimed the man, with a further pro fane reference to his eyeb. " is this 'ere place bejuggled or   what?"   he shook arnold again, but with no avail. the sleeper remained quite insen sible to his efforts to arouse him. seeing this, the visitor went out again.   " 1 wanted to git to know what you call yourself," lie mat tered, apostrophising the prostrate body of gabriel lubo. " you ain't goin' under the name 1 knowed you by, i'll bet my bluey."   leaning down, he placed his hand hea vily on the sleeping man's shoulder.   lobo sprang to his feet with a startled cry. before he could collect his scattered senses, a look of recog nition flashed across his tace, and an ex clamation brake from his lips.   " yorkey i"   " that's me," an swered that worthy with a grin. " l thought you'd know me when you awoke.*   yon didn't in tin- . store two day* ago; - : bat 1 knowad i'dwea; t   r /\ sot eyes on you.   yfliouchtb or fears might /fag lobo's mind, he a the matter. the exclama -lion had broken from him «n in whatever way he acted, that   /you," he answered boldly. " no; /now you, and never set eyes on you /that 1 know. arnold told me you wt. /coming out to the camp, so i knew who   u"you did, did you?" answered the man   with a grin. " what! don't you remember trodd's seven years ago?"   "i wasn't near this place seven years ago. i wasn't iu australia, lot the matter of   th"twell; that's cur'us," responded yorkey,   taking a clay pipe from the band of his hat, and inserting it meditatively into his mouth.   " that's cur'us ; becos i'd swear you and jem golt was workiu' mates here seven year   ag" jem golt! who's he? i'm mates with   arnold golt inside there?"   " oh; i know you are well enough. and 1 ve only got to tell him as how his mate '   "well, what?' interrupted lobo with a   threatening air.   " nothin', notlrin*. i ain t gom to say nothin'. only i might jist le yariun with him casual, and forgettin' things like, might be meutionin' as his mate was called mathias seven year ago."   "mathias? i had a brother named ma thias- mathia9 lobo. but he's dead," inter posed the goan quickly.   "had vou, now? drawled l oruey. "that's cur'us, too. ilev yur a bit of bar rett's twist about you ! ay ell, brothers do re semble one another sometimes, they say, even when one has a beard and t other hasn't now, if mathias hadn't a beard he d be the very spit of you."   "what's that to me? interjected lobo, roughly. . , , . t   " nothin", nothm*. i know where to put mv hand on greasy stewart, though," replied yorkey with a meaning drawl. "he was in the canap herewith matoias, and hed say the same if he saw you, i'll bet my hat. ltd look cur'us two swearin' the same thing, wouldn't it? pcopl'd begin to think as you was mathias arter all."   "speak lower, curse you. there a my mate insije there." ,   " oh, he's all right lie s drunk, or some thin-lyin' there like a log," answered yorkey, nowise lowering his voice, but, if anything, raising it. ,   lobo scowled at the speaker ma way that had something very sinister about it, but which seemed to have little effect upon the impetturbable yorkey. .   "well, what is it you want.' exclaimed lobo, abruptly.   "want? nothin much. i wanted to see who was the cove as was so precious quick to git out of sight that day. and i've found out who he is, what's more," he continued, with a fsiiiit trace of energy and triumph in   his voice. . .   "well, and suppose this brother 01 mine was mates with this-what did you say his   name was   " jem golt was his name.   "with this jem golt what then?'   "what then?" echoed the other, drawing nearer, and speaking in very different tones. "what then ? well, i know that jem golt disappewed all of a sudden-and l know /we he disappeared."   lobo drew back with a shudder.   "how he disappeared !" lie repeated, with a perceptible tremor in his voice.   " ye*. i was there in the scrub when the shot was lired. and it was me as made mathias scoot oil when he saw me a lookin'   at" speak out i" screamed lobo. " what do   you mean ?"   "i mean that i know that mathias-that there brother of yourn, as you call him murdered jem golt in the timber beyond   there.   " it's a lie," cried lobo, trembling in every   limb.   " is it ? it's a lie i can prove, then.   " it s more than seven years since the rusk why didn't you prove it before   " that's neither here nor there. coves ain't always theic own master. i was had up for five veurs through a lyin'skunk as put a job on to me and then left me in the lurch. look ye here, mathias, or lobo, or whatever your d-d l'ortigee name is. i ain't goin' to stand any more barrackin' about this 'ere. that there young cove inside *11 pay for any thin' 1 h-t on, aud i ain't goin' to keep it to   myself."'   .' well, what is it you want?   " spondulicks-that's my dart."   the otiicr bent his eyes to the ground in deep thought llis wrinkled brow and drawn features, and the nervous tremor of his hands, told oi the intense agitation that was moving   him.   at last he looked up, and fixed his piercing hack eyes on his companion.   " you shall have it, he exclaimed, deeply. " if what you say is true, my brother must have murdered this man. he is dead, but it will hurt me if it is known that-that-he did it . . , . ,   " it will ao, interrupted \orkey, with a grin.   " i don't want anybody to know it-not even him in there." he pointed towards the hut " it would do me harm." keep your tongue between your teeth and it'll pay you. here's twenty note3 for yon. it'a all i've got in the camp."   the old fossicker crumpled up the bundle ot greasy notes the other held out, and shoved them carelessly into his boot with all the unconcern of the true minet   " twenty notes," he growled. " that's all very line. but they won't last long. when are you goin' to ante up agen ?"   " what are you talking about? do you think twenty notes ore made in a day ?"   " oh ! i've heerd what luck you're hevin here. i know as you have struck it rich. twenty notes is nothin'. i shall want eome   more soon."   " i swear i won't give you anything more for a month. come again when the month is up and yoa shall have another twenty."   " it's a wnger," drawled yorkey.   a few more words were exchanged between the two, and then the phlegmatic old " bat ter," with a very short ceremony of leave taking, turned his back on the camp and proceeded on his way back to cuttrisa's   creek.   left alone, the goan seated himself on the ground, and pulled bis long moustache with a look of crafty meditation.   \- " in a month from now i nope to be away from this wretched bole," be muttered. " a month-yes, it will take that. patience, gabriel, patience." tliere is nothing to feat in this. a fevrpounds -will keep him quiet   as long asyoa wjwt jbitn to be." : ^ k   at that tnoment a load noise sounded irom i   the interior of tbe jhjnt, c&iuvng; the nervous   lobo to atart vjkmmir- «. -   tattered timorously.   zt'e not ui boar   88 fie spoke, and \t were struggling   inside the hut. a moment later arnold staggered wildly out of the open doorway towards the crouching figure of his mate. his face was deathly pale, and distorted with a wild look, hia eyes gleamed with un   natural fire.   he staggered towards lobo, who had risen to his feet, and for a moment stool silent and terrible before hiin, his body swaying from side to side, one trembling arm raised as though in mute imprecation. when he spoke at last his voice sounded thick and unnatural. its muffled tones seemed to make his words doubly terrible.   " murderer of my brother ! i have found you out at last."   lobo started back with a fearful impreca tion.   " i have found you out at last," exclaimed arnold with a muffled cry. " mathias-the murderer of poor jem. i heard what he said -that man. some cursed weight dragged me down, and i could not move-but 1 heard. i have got you at last-at last."   with some frantic idea of vengeance, he made a wild lurch towards the goan. as he started forward, lobo-recovering him self by an effort-stepped backwards, raising his arms with a swift gesture as he did so. by some strange impulse arnold lifted his left arm as he had done his right, and so both men stood for a moment, point ing at one another across the lire. but it was not for long, for lobo waved his arms rapidly to and iro, making passes towards the young man. his face changed in ex pression as he did so. the look of affright and dismay was replaced by one of authority; his eyes, instead of the terror they had shown, gleamed steadfastly and sternly. as his arms moved in tlieir rapid evolutions, those of his victim fell helplessly to his side ; the look of hate fled from his face ; it became expressionless. nervous twitcliings distorted hia futures ; two or three deep sighs burst from him ; he made once or twice as though he were swallowing something : and then his eyes closed, and he stood there motionless and rigid.   lobo's breath came quick and short, and the beads of perspiration stood out on his   forehead.   " (io into the hut and lie down," he ex claimed hoarsely. .   he followed the retreating figure with a sinister look.   " ha ! fool that i was. that yorkey must have been to him before i woke up. it all comes from that dolt'a play. fool double fool to let him overhear me. it is serious. when he wakes up it will be . bat shall he wake up? shall he recover perhaps to murder me ? if i dared, i   would "   as he muttered darkly to himself, his hand wandered with astealthy movement to his belt, as though he were seeking for some weapon. there was one there-a sbeath-knife, such as miners ordinarily carry, and on the handle of this his hand rested with a nervous clutch. he half drew the knife from its sheath, tumbled with it for a moment, gripped it more firmly, and then let it slip back into its   place   " it would be safest," he muttered, casting   a sinister look in the direction of the hut " and who would know ? he is dangerous, and stands in my way."   still muttering disconnectedly to himself, he advanced cautiously towards the hut, with his hand clutching the handle of the knife in his belt. when near the open doorway he drew back hesitatingly, and returned to his place by the lire. but after a short pause of irresolution, he stole once again towards the quiet hut, and this time disappeared within it.       chapter vi lobo's news.   chapteu vi.   lobo's news.   saturday aiternoon and evening were al ways a busy time at frances's store. most of the miners and prospectors from the neighbouring gullies were in the habit of flocking into cuttriss's creek on that day for the double purpose of buying rations and indulging in relaxation, bibulous and other wise. the quiet little place was apt to be come somewhat uproarious nndej- the in fluence of the congenial spirits that collected in and about the cuttriss creek arms on a saturday, and, as a rule, did not perfectly re cover its ordinary tone until sunday night or monday morning, when the miners generally cleared out again for their various fields of labour.   saturday, too, was sacred to the advent of the weekly mail, an event of no little import ance to the township, and one that excited no small amount of interest and gossip.   there was usually a somewhat complicated distribution of letters subsequent to the arrival of the mailman with hia couple of bags slung across a pack-horse. bill knew where jim was working, and would take him his letters. harry had left word that dick was to open his for him. cabbage-tree ned had shitted over to lydiard's ferry, and teddy ililey knew a cove as was goin' over there in a day or two. so by varioua ex pedients undreamt of in postal regu lations the various letters found their way to their rightful owners, and the business of delivering the mails was happily completed. subsequent to this it was the custom of the miners to adjourn to the cuttriss creek arms; and there discuss such news as was brought by the mail over libations of "tanglefoot" and "pizen," as the ardent spirits retailed at the public-house were humorously entitled.   in the case of (he unsociable yorkey, how ever, the last development came into force early in the afternoon. it was the day fol lowing the one on which he had succeeded in lining bis pockets at lobo's expense, and with an open-handed liberality that won him a certain amount of admiration from such of hia congeners as happened to be in the town ship, he set himself to " knock down " hib easily-earned substance in the most ex peditions manner possible.   unfortunately, however, a certain bellicose tendency that invariably supervened when he was in his cups hindered in this instance the course of his enjoyment; for certain un complimentary passages of arms that were bandied between him'and a red-whiskered giant known currently as tra-la-la dick, re sulted in bis being summarily knocked down before he was able to get totally drunk.   finding himself prostrate on the floor, underneath the bar, the old "hatter," with admirable philosophy, grunted once or twice in mingled dismay and wrath, and then, turning over, fell then and there into, a drunken slumber.   waking up an hour or so later in a slightly more sober condition, be picked himself up and staggered over to the store. his fore head was covered with blood from a huge cut, where his opponent had struck him, whilst one ot his eyes was developing varie gated symptoms of discolouration.   f^there was nobody in the store as he altered but bounce, and the jdri could not suppressa slight exclamation of.alarm as, the disfigured old fossicker staggered in. he was not quite unknown to her, for he had been in the store once or twice before, baying rations.   '.goodness gracious 1" she exclaimed; "are you hurt?"   "that's so," he answered thickly. 'that d-d raskle, arakin' your pardon, tra- lala dick bunged up one of my glims."   he looked such a deplorable object with his bloody forehead and black eye, that the ' young girl, overcoming her repugnance, uttered a few words of commiseration. _   "i want some stickin'-plaster," he said un   steadily.   " i'll get you some warm water to bathe your head with, if you'll wait a moment," she answered, "and a piece of raw meat for your   eye."   yorky opened his one uninjured eye wide at this proll'er of service, and in his utter amazement so far outraged the canons of cuttriss's creek etiquette as to mutter an astonished oath under his breath. when rounce had gone into the little sittingroom to cet the aids to recovery, he gave freer vent to iiis amazement.   " well, i'm eternally blowed! if this don't beat all! she's gone for hot water-and a bit of raw beef. hot water for me? well, i'm jiggered. i wish there was some whisky in it," he added, as an after-thought,   rounce, returning with the remedies, together with a clean piece of linen, inter rupted the old man in his muttered soliloquy. " there. bathe your head, and i'll give you a piece of plaster to bind it up with. and then you can put the meat to your eye."   it must have been his astonishment at being the recipient of bo much kindness that caused yorkey to slop the water over his shirt in preference to his head. lie performed the operation with so much clumsiness, glancing furtively at the cirl all the time, that ltounce came from behind the counter and took the cloth from him.   "i'll do it for you," she said kindly. " you're not doing it right. hold your head   down over the basin."   yorkey gazed at her open-mouthed. he seemed so amazed that anyone should ex pend such gratuitous labour over him, that words seemed to. fail him. very expedi tiously, though very gently, rouuee washed his forehead, and then cutting some strips of plaster, bound up the gaping   wound.   "now put that meat to your eye," she said, as she took the basin and cloth out again.   when she returned to the store, yorkey, with his hat drawn over his eye so as to hide both wound and plaster, was leaning over the counter. he seemed to have partially got over his intense amazement at her pro ceedings, for when she entered he said de precating! r   " i didn't want the meat. it won't dp me no good. i've had this 'ere eye bunged up   for over an hour."   " were you fighting?"   " i expect i mast have been," he answered doubtfully. " i don't think i did much of it, though. that there tra-la-la dick had it   all."   " he ought to be ashamed ol himself, bit ing an old man," exclaimed rounce, indig   nantly.   " may be he onght, though i ain't so old, if it comes to that. but look ye here, miss. you've done me a good turn, and old yorkey 'll do you one. i didn't ask you for thai; there hot water, nor i didn't ask you to shove on the plaster; but you did it 1 weren't wantin' that there beef no more nor a toad wants side-pockets, but you brought it. and i ain't the one to forget it. look ye here, my lass," he continued, lower ing his voice to a mysterious whisper. " if i had a fancy chap like that there arnold, i wouldn't care for him to be workin' mates along of a cove like that d-d portigee asking your pardon."   " what do you mean?" exclaimed rounce,   with a startled air.   " 1 mean what i say," he answered, in the same cautious whisper. " i ain't one to go barrackin' about nothin', and all i ses is, if i had a fancy cove like arnold as i was thinkin' of getliu' hitched to, i wouldn't have him livin' over there at trodd's with that portigee."   "why, why do you say that?" she cried, seizing hold of the grizzled old fossicker in   her earnestness.   " i ses it because i knows it," he answered with dogged caution. "he's a bad un-a   rank bad un."   "who is?"   " that portigee-lobo, or whatever he   calls hisself."   rounce gazed at her informant in dismay. poor girl! although she had parted with her lover, she loved him still with all her heart. what secret feelings in her own breast did the words of the old " batter " arouse! she had never liked lobo, somehow, although she had tried to overcome her dislike be cause he was arnold's mate." she had always telt uneasy iu his society-suspicious of bis bland politeness. could this man lobo have anything to do with the change that had come over _ arnold ? perhaps he had been poisoning bis mind with suspicions. perhaps the lonely life over at trodd a, with bad com panionship, was the cause of all, and when once away from his fellow-worker arnold might become again the hearty, affectionate, manly young fellow she remembered so well and loved so dearly. some thoughts of the kind must have passed through the girl's mind, for a blush came to her face, ana her honest brown eyes were lighted up with a bright gleam.   " it must be so," she cried. " and he's trying to change arnold into being as bad as himself. i'll find out all about it 1 am sure now there is something going on i don't un derstand. arnold would not nave changed so so in a month without some cause. promise me you'll help me, yorkey," she continued, addressing that worthy in tones of entreaty. "promise me, whatever you find out, youll   tell me-"   "aye; i'll help you what i can," he re sponded, eyeing the girl with no tittle admi ration, for in her earnestness she was re markably pretty. " i don't want to see no barm come to that fancy cove of yourn, but i ain't coin' to interfere more nor that ive got to look arter myself."   the entrance of burtiiland, the police officer, at that moment, interrupted the con   versation .   " flow are yon, yorkey ?" he said, as be   entered.   "i'm all right how're yon poppin'f" growled that worthy'in return.   "i hear you have been having a row over at the publia look out yon don't get into   trouble."   '' i can lookafter myself," granted yorkey: i don't want none of your interfering'! and with that he went out   "a oiee old party," remarked bnrusland, with a laugh. seen anything of arnold to   day, miss bounce ?"   .no. he hasn't been in; but be may come later on. one ot them generally cornea for the mail and rations on saturday.   "i dare say he'll be in towards evening," be remarked, turning away. " there are ail the boys over at the poblic-honse. they're kicking up a fearful noise. i'd better go across and see then s no cowing."   when the police officer had gone, bounce went into the sittingroom to her mother. to her she confided the particulars of the strange conversation that hid taken place between her and yorkey.   "there's something more than we know in the change that has come over arnold, mother," she said, with determination written in every pretty feature ; "and i'm going to try and find out what it is. i distrust that lobo-i always did."   " i must say i never liked him," interposed mr3. francey, " though i tried to do so for   arnold's snke."   " well, i'm going to try and find out what it all means. so whatever i do, mother, don't be surprised. i shall make that man   . there he is now," she exclaimed, breaking off abruptly, as the figure of lobo on horseback passed in front of the btore, "don't go, mother, lie's sure to come in here." . . ,   the amiable goan, unconscious of the welcome that awaited him, rode past the store, and turned his horse, without taking off saddle or bridle, into the little paddock that led to the stables. usually he was wont simply to hitch his horse to the fence ?; it was evident on this occasion, therefore, that he anticipated making a longer stay than   usual.   as he made his way round to the store on foot he came face to face with yorke.v. _   " hello i exclaimed the latter, with a sudden oath. " it's you, is it!"   "you are drunk, you fool,' snarled   lobo.   "so i am. i'm hevin' a everlastm spree. it don't cost me nothin'."   the goan's face grew somewhat pale at the others words.   " take care," he baid. " if you don t keep your tongue between your teeth you know what'll be up. there's more where those notes came from, remember that." (   "i know there is well enough. don t you be a feared of me. i know my way about"   lobo passed on with a stern gesture, saying threateningly, "take care, then, you do."   " he'll keep quiet," he muttered. "there isn't much danger of his talking, lie knows too much for that. and it won't be for long."   on entering the store he said "good evening" in his politest style to rounce. the girl greeted him with unusual bright ness, and invited him iuto the sittingroom   to see her mother.   " and how is arnold ?"' asked mrs. francey. . , ,   lobo brought up a laboured sigh that seemed to come from his very heart.   " oh, ladies, i am mad with rage and grief. he is gone."   " gone! arnold gone ! "exclaimed rounce, with a low cry. " gone ! where?"   "how should i know?" he cried, with every token of despair in his words and man ner. " he has gone-lied-and taken the gold with him."   " i do not believe it," cried rounce, pas sionately. "arnold would never do-1 mean you must be mistaken, mr. lobo. do you mean to- tell us that arnold has gone like a-a thief?" .   " llow can i explain?" he responded, in tones of deepest sympathy. " i know what he was to you ; but tear him from your mind, miss. he is an worthy. you will hate me ; but i must tell the truth, ne went away from the camp last night-yes, in the middle of the night 1 was asleep and never heard him. liut when i woke up in the morning i   found the gold gone, and this note for you. j i thought at first it was a joke, and 1 waited i for him all day. but he never came back, j   and then i knew he had robbed me and gone away for good." . .   whilst he was disburdening himself of his confidences thus, he took a letter lroni his pocket and handed it to rounce.   " it's addressed to you, and i did not open it," be baid, noble self-denial written on every feature.   " it's from him," bhe exclaimed.   she tore open the envelope and read its contents, and then sank, with a low cry, into a chair near her mother.   " it cannot be," she sobbed. " it is some horrible mistake."   mrs. francey took the letter from her daughter's trembling hand and quietly read it   "dear rounce" (it ran)-"this is to tell yon that i am gong away, as i am so mis reble. i doa't want nothin now weve parted, and i don't care wot becomes of me. i'm gong away, and this is all from yure unappy frend, arnold golt."   "it is arnold's handwriting," observed mrs. francey, looking scraiinisingly at the unique document " whatever could have   come over him?"   "he is changed," struck in lobo, with energy. " something has come over him. i ujed to think be was weak here." lie pointed significantly to his head; "buthe has robbed me like a thief, and i bay it was all a blind all treachery. he has robbed me of the hard earnings of months."   he put his hand to his head with a gesture of despair that was peculiarly affecting. but rounce, occupied with her own grief, did not notice nis anguish, and shortly afterwards   left the room.   " my daughter is very much upset by what you tell us," said mrs. francey, who followed the girl to the bedroom, but returned imme diately. "she would like to see you again before you go, she says, only she is too upset now. would you come again in hall an hour!"   " miss ronnce's wishes are commands," he answered, with gallantry. tell her how sorry i am to have bad to give her such news. bat she is not the only one who suffers. i, too. am robbed by that wretch."   " hash! yon must not call him that."   " how can i stop my indignation ? when 1 think of your poor daughter and of my misfortune, what can i do but think him a villain and a thief?"   subsequently it was reported amongst the diggers that arnold golt over at troda's had cleared out from his mate tinder circum stances anything bat favourable to his honesty. this item of news excited a vast amount of interest and discussion, . for the   younj^man was well known throughout the   opposing factions espoused his cause, or the contrary, as their judgmentpromptcd, until at one time the recrimination between thetwo parties became so fierce as to threaten to terminate in actual warfare. it warin the bar of the pubuohouse that this stormy dis cussion took place, and it was no otber than the misanthropic yorkey who in tha first instance made tbe assertion with profane vehemence that " arnold golt was not the core to sherry off, " and that there wm no truth in the rumour.   4t (vfkam'a lila anatof" i<rs«9 a vnf<v» in itia   nc wtu uq,   "him 1"shouted yorkey-alas! once again under the influence of liquor. "i wouldn't believe him on his oatb, no more'n i'd be lieve'** the devitwantsa clean collar."   " there's & chartoe with the gal lor a good lookin' fellerlikeyou, yorkey, now her chap's cleared," exclaimed a humourist at the rear. a roar of laughtergreeted this witticism, and the discussion immediately   followed this new scant   m0' course thfereis, chimed in another wit " i heard ashow she was struck all of a heap with yorkey# here. they'd make a! pigeon polr.them two.' - {   "don't you talk about hint there girl to me, jim keeley," responded yorkey with drunken solemnity, "because i won't liev it lerhapa shea got a kind of feeling for ol«i yorkey, and perhaps she ain't. she ain't one to go chuckin herself away on younc coves like you as don't know vjts perhaps some ot the old 'uns is as good a d knows a d--d sight more." '   when is it comin' off, yorkey'5" con tinued the humourist who had spoken last   euisi;l0«*mw."rt88'6',it l""! *   " do?v0^ b,e p9kin' barak at me bovs " responded yorkey with dignity; "or ni   chuck some o you over that there bar hi   less n no time. ujr lu   " you wouldn't hit a little fpllor ia-»   would you?" asked tra-ia ladie" simul^   the utmost terror, to the delight of i"|   grinning crowd. b iut   " wouldn't i, that's all. you nhnt ~ you ii see." a second roar of laughter greeted tins threat, for whereas yorkey was ,,n?w sized and deplorably drunk, his interlocutor was a eix-foot-tliree giant, with the sand   arms of a hercules. ana   irritated by the laughter, the formidable \orkey straig itene'l himself up nnd pro ceeded to put his threat into execution but being seized by one hand by his opponent and thrown underneath the bar, he idv there   feuasieep0ratime' a"d theu ^nentlj   lobo took little part in these pro ceedings. at the first hint of violence iw slunk off and made liia way over to the btore. in that emporium of commerce, at the time a most deserted, those two in veterate card-players, jem davis and fetor doyle, were seated on the ilour-ba-a en gaged in the usual game of cribbage.° lobo stopped for a short time watching the came m reality waiting for an opportunity ot trodd's. again before returning to   the old difficulty about scoring was exer cismg the minds of the two players.   i tell jou, peter, exclaimed his opponent   it don t count * '   " it do," said peter   " i tell you it don't we're peg and nee again. f s   " peg and peg-what're you talkin' about*' 1 \f"won tlie 8'vme fair. give us the dust."   take yer blooinin' cards then. 1 won't play no more."   this was the invariable termination ot every game, and yet, notwithstanding the fact, the two men usually passed three quarters of the day on the tlour- bags engaged in the same pursuit   the noise of their altercation brought mr3. francey out of the sittingroom. seeing lobo standing there, she made a sign to him to go   into the room.   "my daughter is there now," she said. " will you go in and see her ?"   rounce was seated by the table, making a pretence of doing some sewing; but as lobo entered she put down her work, and moved   her chair back.   " i am sorry to have had to tell you such bad news." he said softly, as he seated him self near her. " but i am a sufferer, too."   " yon cannot think i care because arnold -has-has gone away?" bhe said, steadily. "you know we parted before. i almost expected it"   lie looked at her eagerly, iler altered manner evidently surprised him.   "iam glad yon look ut it like that," he said quietly. "he is not worth crying   after."   "crying!" she exclaimed, with heightened colour, and a look out of her bright brown eyes that stirred him strangely. "do you think i want to marry a mau who is a-a thief   "no; no. 01 course not miss bounce has only to raise her hand, and a hundred honest men would be at her feet in a moment."   " is it so really ?"   "there is one at least who would think it a happiness to do auytliing for her," he an swered, with a meaning look.   the girl's colour became more brilliant, her eyes hashed more brightly. she was evidently nerving herself to a strong effort   " i wish i could think so," she 6aid softly.   "think so ! believe mo, there is one^at least who would he happy to be your slave."   " no, no. not after what has occurred.   her bright eyes flashed an unmistakable challenge ; the pose of the rounded figure was almost suggestive ; her colour, coming and going, gaveher face a half-bold, half-eoy look of expectancy, that was something quite new in the "man s experience of her. lie completely lost his head.   " after what has passed !" he exclaimed, giving full rein to bis bold admiration.   what is that to man like me ? i love you with a love such as a brainless idiot like that arnold could never dream of. my nature is not like bis-it is warm, passionate, ^oace you with me is to love you-love you with au the strength and devotion of my nature. iso ;   don't torn away, i did not mean to oiiena   ii   his words came irom him in a veuemeiiu burst that spoke, at all events, of theit sincerity. an involuntary movement of re pugnance passed across the girl's face, but she conquered it,'and though his keen eyes saw her slight movement of repulse, even he \--quick aa he was-could not imagine what feelings of aversion were moving iter.   "do not tarn, away," lie repeated, ur gently, " i did not mean to offend you. if i hare spoken of love to you it was because 1 am a slave to my feelings."   "i am not offended/' bhe answered, with   dangerous softness.   * then let me tell yon all i feel," be cried, completely, carried away. ".let me tell you tb&t; ever since i saw you i have loved yon-deeply, more deeply than i can say. when i saw you bound to that mindless churl-nnworthy of yon in everything-my very heart bled. that is not the man to join your life toi intelligence, power, know ledge-those, arp toe things a mm should have to be fit to win each as yon. let me lay my love at yoarfeefc it is more worthy of you than the vows of that tbiet wbo baa   robbed both of na."   despite her resolution and self-command the girl's fortitude gave way before the man a overpowering energy. his piercing eyes and gesticulating hands, and sinister-looking face -hisexpressionsoi hateafcainbtpoor arnold i the very knowledge that he himself might be, la all probability was, accessory to her lover s disappearance-filled her with such dismay and detestation that she felt that she must betray the feelings that moved her if bhe re mained with him any longer.   she rose from her seat with an impetuous movement* and turned her fftce half from him, so that he should not see the expression thatmarked it ,   " no ;" she said, in answer to his appeal "i cannot believe it yon ..do not niton it i aa agitated at this meeting. i don t know what to say. i must go."   "one void," headed. "one word only to say myioveistioteoorned." , .   she did not answer .him-she did not dare toj bat she gave him one glance, aliunna   oven inviting, and then slipped out of the r°mri francey wna in the bedroom, and had evidently heard through the half-open door ;)|l that had passed between her daughter and ' ^'oh, kounce! what have you doneshe   exclaimed in a whisper.   " j)i»ie !" whispered back the girl, drawing li,>rsc)[ to her full height in ail her excited licmity. "made him my elnve, i did not ,(:ire nsk hin) any questions. but next time   next time "   on lobo's face there wna nothing but triumph ns he went and caught his horse. "she is mine,"hemutterert exultantly. "she, too, acknowledges my power. another week or so, and i bhall win her. with him away there is nobody to share her feelings. she forgcls him already-before long she will have forgotten him entirely. it is a prize worth n struggle. i could have gone from here. hut no-i will wait now. i will dare nil for this girl. my heart beats when i think of her. she is a beauty-a queen. she is worthy of gabriel lobo. fools and dolts !" he exclaimed, shaking his clenched fist in bitter malediction, as he rode post the ('uttriss creek arms. "you swill nnd onrsr and gamble away the time, and i come   in and win wealth and love."       chapter vii done in the dark.   chapter vii.   done in tub dawk.   trotm'a lay still and solitary, with the afternoon sun casting lengthening shadows across its darkening face. the silence was ', profound that the occasional chirrup of a magpie perched on a tree near the hut sounded incongruously loud and startling, and when the bird (lew away, the whirr of its win^s soemed disproportionately noisy. with its departure the stillness became again un disturbed, until another winged visitant-a now-perched on the roof of the hut and lillcd the hat with the loud echoes of its dis cordant croak.   from its post of vantage the solitary crow sedately contemplated its surroundings, uttering its hoarse notes in appreciation of tlm loneliness and silence.   .'it's you!" said the goan, who just then arrived. " i'd like to put a shot into you with jour death's-head croaking. it's enough to send a man melancholy mad to hear them devils. ugh ! it's as lonely as death in this r.lace. i wish i'd never cast eyes on it-or liim. what's that?"   the man had advanced out into the open as lie spoke, peering cautiously about as lie ventured forward. a shadow flitting across the ground caused him to start appre hensively and turn pale it was nothing, however, but the shadow of a parrot seeking die shelter of a neighbouring tree, and the man, recovering himself with a harsh laugh,   advanced towards the hut   " vou ore growing nervous, gabriel," he muttered to himself. " pull yourself together, ?nan ; you are not a child. but lirst to see if the gold is safe."   lie made his way to the hut, and enter in!;, turned up one end of the blanket stretched out on the ground, and com menced digging with his sheath-knife he soon had enough earth displaced to bring to view a distended chamois leather bog.   " all right," he muttered, " i don't want it yet. i'll let it he here. i've plenty on me, and it's safer where it is."   lie replaced the earth in the small hole he bad dug, ramming it down carefully and smoothing it over with his hand. then he replaced the blanket and rose to his ieet. striding across to the place where they had been accustomed to make the camp ore, he raked the ashes together, and piling on some brushwood, struck a light and set it in a blaze then throwing on more wood, he (stood gazing restlessly at the shifting after   noon shadsws.   for some reason every familiar accompani ment of the waning day and the solitude teemed to bear a terrible signification to the mind of the solitary man. the lengthening shadows became so many phantoms; the ripple of the river, the sough of the wind, soon is that instilled in him actual fear; the consciousness ot his loneliuess, a fact fraught with terror. a bullfrog uttered a hoarse croak from some hole in the river bonk, and the goan started as though at the bound of a phantom voice. a curlew intoned its melancholy wail, and was answered by its mate ; again lobo started and turned pale   '. i think all the devils out of hell are loose to-night," he muttered apprehensively, stand ing in the full light of the fire " what can it mean? what was that i saw? could it be real? could it be a ghost? no, who should know better than me that such things are only for fools to believe in? ghost spirit ! no, it was nothing. i won't believe it it was my fancy played me a trick. but it is as lonely as death here the placeis like the grave i'll ride over to cuttriss creek and stop there for to-night. i want company-i want her."   " good day, mate how're yon poppin ?'   lobo turned with a face white as death. the voice broke upon his ears so suddenly that at first he thought it borne supernatural greeting. then, recovering presence of mind, he recognised the visitor.   "hallo! yorkey. where in the devil's name do yon hail from? gome on, man, and take a pull at this bottle " the sight of your face does me good. it's as lonely as the grave in this cursed place come on, mate, to the fire and have a warm."   in his relief at the presence of a fellow being, the goan seemed quite to lose com   mand over himself,   " come on, mate 1" he exclaimed again, with boisterous cordiality. "i was never more pleased to see a man than i am to see yon. your ugly old face is like on angel's. drink, man, drink, and be merry.* i'll play you a tune if yon want"   he forced the bottle into the other's   hands, and slapped him on the back in token   pood-will ana amity.   what'snp with you?" growled yorkey uuappreclatively, in' response to these bois terous demonstrations of friendship. "are > ou goin' off yoor head, or what ? keep your hands to yourself and leave tny bftck alone, darn you.   growling out indignant protests of this kind, the old fosslcker glared ferociously at bis exuberant companion, and then applied   «i m?810 'ke whisky bottle.   that's rights ejaculated lobo, in nowise rebuffed at his companion's ill- temper. "drink jway. , it'll drive away the blue devils, end there are plenty of them in this caned hole ni give you a tune to liven you ap."   tr wftnfc none ot your selections »oin sbakspeare on the accord eon," re sponded yorkey ungraciously. "i want to   before it sita too late. i've? got b0«ebunesa first with you."   . what, .man i you don't mean to go back   iwut,tri5?b to-night and leave me here all   gwpfcon, have another, pull at the! "ojbky, and make yourself at home"   plfccfifor makin' myself at borne r °°v* aa..ma^6 bisseif at * home here wh.fi.®eem to ,ike it see ye hew, lobo, or v?w £er ,0urj cussed jporagee name is, cover j 0u olw there young   "done with him? what are you talking about the thief snavellcd the gold and went on in the night-that's what s become   of him.   "don't tell me no such yarn as that i know better. look ye here, mathias "   ' i tell you my name isn't mathias," inter rupted the other darkly.   , " 7t~ ^ook j'e here," proceeded the old roasiclcer, taking not the slightest notice of the interruption. " rev you done the same with him us you done with his brother seven year ago ? "   !i *~'ur8e yo«.' what do you mean ? "   '1 mean this. i want you to say what'b come to that there young cove. that gal of hisn iii at cuttriss's did me a kindness, and i m goin' to pay it back. i ain't goin' to see her wronged ; and that young chap has got to come back again. i know you ; and 1 know you've had a hand in it"   is that what you came about, then?"   | no, it isn't. i want some more greed."   more money? what have you done with the twenty notes i gave you?"   || mined 'em," answered yorkey, laconically.   1 you don't get any more from me, then," responded lobo, violently, "not for another month, you drunken dog; you've spent twenty pounds in three days."   " well, and what if i hev ? you've got   plenty more."   || not to give a drunken pig like you."   " well, 1 m goin' to hev 8ome," responded the old man surlily. " i reckon if jem (jolt's bones has got to lay quiet where they are,yoa|vegot togive me another twentynotea."   "we'll see about that. you agreed to twenty notes a month, and i'm not going   to alter it."   whilst the two minerb were exchanging compliments in this pleasant strain, the afternoon had gradually waned, and the shades of evening began to envelope the flat, the dark shadows of the hills gradually lengthened, until they invested the entire valley. the sun had bunk out of sight, but an orange glow, hushing the horizon, still marked its place of decline. gradually even that faded from a paler yellow to a semi transparent greyness, and then it was swal lowed up by the encroaching darkness.   by this time the river liat was entirely buried in shadow; except where the red light of the camp-fire penetrated, it was dark and   obscure.   lobo gave an involuntary shiver as the last traces of light faded from the sky, and when he turned to his companion it was with less   vehemence and decision.   " i tell you it's no use my giving you money if you blue it directly you've got it you'd run the sea dry at that rate."   yorkey bent down to the fire, and taking up a glowing stick applied it to the broken clay pipe in his mouth.   "you've got to do it, ennybow," he an sweredy puffing out dense clouds of smoke. " a cove's got to live, and i'm cleaned out lock, stock, and barrel."   " i don't mind giving you a fiver."   "a fiver f i want twenty quid," he an swered doggedly, assuming a more deter mined tone as the other wavered. "i won't take a penny less."   i " well, then, confound you, you shan't have   it," shouted lobo, his violent temper break ing out   "that's the hand you play, then, is it?" said the other, with all an old man's obsti nacy. "then this is the band/play. if you don't ante up twenty notes, and tell me what you've done with that young arnold, i goes straight for cattriss's, and tells the perlice office: what'll put him on the track of jem golt, as was murdered seven year ago. don't you come too nigh me," he continued delibe rately, as lobo made a threatening move ment towards him. " i ain't such a blarmed idjit as to come here without bein' ready for you. i know yon, hathias, or lobo, or what ever you call yerself. if you come a step nigher i'll blow your portigee brains out"   lie had taken a revolver from inside his shirt, and stood with it pointed at the bead of his pleasant companion.   the other drew back with a laugh fall of sinister meaning.   " put up your d-d revolver, yorkey," he said, showing little fear. "them ain't the things for you and me; there's too much risk about tbem. i wasn't thinking of going for you. you needn't be frightened."   " i wouldn't trust you-not with the life of a cat lint we've had enough barneyin'. are you goin' to stump up, and tell me what's come to that there mate of yourn!"   "not l"   " then i'm off, and that's all." and without another word the old fossicker, his revolver still in his hand, turned away. lobo's gleam ing eyes followed his retreating figure with a look so sinister, so diabolical, that his whole face was transformed. the old man bad got some distance when he called out,   " stop, you fool."   yorkey stopped, and the goan made his way hastily to him. they stood now by the shaft which lobo and arnold had worked at with so much success. the fire, still burning brightly, lit up the spot with a red glare that quivered with the rising and falling of the   names. atone moment, the two men-the shaft with its windlass and drum, from which depended a rope and bucket-and the background of trees, were illuminated with a bright red gloom ; at the next they were   buried in shadow.   "stop, you fool," exclaimed lobo again. " don't sherry off like that."   "are yon goin' to do as i saids"asked yorkey, doggedly. " yes or no ?"   " well, it you must have it i suppose yon must," muttered lobo, in a suppressed voice. "but i tell you again i haven't twenty pounds in the camp."   " you hev. i know you hev. you re lyin the same as you alwayb da"   something; in lobo's looks seemed to attract yotkey's suspicions, for he burst out into a loud exclamation, and pointed' the firearm at his head. _   " where are you edgin to ? keep away, or i'll let fly. keep off-or by the liviu' - 1"   the flames, sinking low, left" the spot buried in sudden obscurity. ont of the dark ness came the sounds of a deadly struggle. there was a trampling of heavy feet, a shrill exclamation, the report of a pistol, the noise of a falling body, and then all wob quiet   aided by the darkness lobo bad sprung forward with a tiger-like bound, and knock ing up the revolver, had struck yorkey a terrible blow on the forehead. the re volver exploded harmlessly in the air at the same time that the ill- starred fossicker's body disappeared into the dork opening of   th,fhe goan stood breathing heavily at the   mouth of the hole. but at that moment the fire, bursting again into life, lit up the scene with an angry glare. startled, be raised his eyes, and a shriek burst from his lips, for there-over the black void down which the unfortunate man had vanished-fitood a ghostly shape, thin, im- j palpable, immaterial-in the likeness of   arnold golt!       chapter viii hallucination.   chapter viii.   mat.t.ttcination.   "how restless you seem to da to-ihkiui   rouuce. ib there anything the matter ?   | " i can't remain still. i feel as if i had a   rever on me. 1 don't know what it can be."   . you are unwell, my dear. all this ex citement has upset you."   "it isn't the excitement, as you call it," responded the girl, fretfully. " it's thinking ol arnold. i'm bure there's something more than we can understand in his running 'away; ana ns for his taking all the gold they'd got, 1 don t believe a word cf it. ue might have taken his half-what was there to stop him? hut as for taking what didn't belong to him, i wouldn't believe it if all the township were   to say so."   as the girl spoke, she paced restlessly up nnd down the little bittingroom. a blight jog fire crackled on the hearth, for the even ings in the mountains were chilly; and an ornamental lamp, with a coloured shade, threw a soft light over the apartment and its occupants. the little room was cosy enough, decked out as it was with the hundred and one trifles that testify to the care ot feminine hands. white and coloured   antimacassars-the work of llounce's agile i lingers-covered the backs of the chairs, a gaily-worked cushion exposed its rose-red rotundity on the sofa, whilst a couple of framed pictures worked in wool on a back ground of canvas decorated the walls. on the table, covered with a plain green cloth, stood the lamp, and near it the work-baskets of the ladies.   but bounce did not seem disposed for work, for she continued htr restless walk up   and down.   "steal! arnold steal! why, it's ridicu lous," she continued, pursuing the course of her uneasy soliloquy. " i don't believe a word that that lobo says. he's saying so for his own endg. ue wants to give arnold a bad name for some reason. look here, mother, i don't believe arnold has gone away at all. i believe lobo has stolen the gold, and perhaps-perhaps "   " oh, rounce! you don't mean that he lie-may have-done anything to arnold ?" interrupted mrs. francey, shocked at the very thought.   " i do mean it," she responded vehe mently. "i believe he has done him some barm. ue may have mur-murdered him."   " oh, stop child, stop ! how can you say such a thing ?"   " i don't say be has," she answered reso lutely. " but you know what yorkey told me. and why should arnold disappear so suddenly?"   " but you forget his letter, bounce."   the girl threw herself dejectedly into her chair.   " i forgot that, mother," she said sadly. *' of course, he says so himself."   she took from her pocket the crumpled letter lobo had given her, and examined it de8pondingly.   " this is to tell you that i am gong away as i am so misreble. i dont want nothin now weve parted, and i don't care wot becoms of me. 1m gong away and this is all from yure unhapy friend-arnold golt."   " it is arnold's writing, i know that," she said. "butlook, mother, what a cramped hand it is written in. it's not quite the same as his usual style. he always did write shockingly bad," she added, more despond ingly than ever; " but this is even worse."   she sat with the letter in her hand, exami ning it minutely for some time, and at length folded it up and put it back in her pocket with a resolute air.   "there's something strange even in it," she said to her mother. " it isn't in arnold's usual handwriting, you can say what you like. i won't believe that the letter is genuine. that lobo may have forced poor arnold to write it, or something ; though it would take a better man than him to doit," she added, with a flash of her bright eyes.   "how you go on, bounce !" expostulated her mother. i wonldn't think any more of either of them if i were you."   "i won't give arnold up. i'll and out what's become of him somehow."   "itbink it's him who gave you up," re sponded mrs. francey drily.   the girl flushed angrily, and began again her uneasy walk up and down the room.   " i know he did, mother; but i don't say that i want him to come back; only i mean to find out what's become ot him. i'm sure there's been something from the very first to alter him. don't tell me arnold could have; got so changed in a month without some cause. i believe if i could find out what it is it'll all come right again."   she continued her quick walk to and fro, and then broke outagain.   " i'll go and see if i can find yorkey. i want to tell him about arnold, and ask him to help me. he knows something about that lobo, and i must see him."   "youare not going out in such a dark night, surely," exclaimed her mother, appre hensively.   " i won't be a minute," she answered, throwing a cloak over her head. " i'll just go over to the private entrance of the hotel and ask mrs. dummett to fetch yorkey to me. i'll be back directly."   heedless of her mother's protest, she slipped out and closed the door behind   her.   " what a headstrong girl she is," ejaculated mrs. francey uneasily, left to herself. "-she will have her own way in everything. 1 be lieve she loves that young man as much as ever she did. dear me, dear me; she seems very unhappy. . why can't she be satisfied to leave him alone?"   she sat over the fire occupied with her work, glancing every now and again appre hensively at the loud-ticking clock on the mantelshelf. very few momenta elapsed, however, before the door was opened, and bounce re-entered the room.   "well?"   "he's not there," she answered to this laconic question, throwing her cloak im patiently on the sofa. he went away this afternoon, and he's not back. i don't know what to do. i feel very unhappy, mother. i'd like to go over to trodd'e myself."   "nonsense, child. you take such strange fancies into your head. 1 wish you would rest quiet, and not talk so foolishly. what good could you do going over to that place ? besides, it wouldn't be right a young woman like you mustn't go trapesing all over the country by yourself. you'd have people talking."   a somewhat impatient exclamation broke from the wilful young woman's lips ; but at that moment all further discussion was put an end to by the sound of hurried steps pas sing in front of the store. both listened, half-expecting, half-apprehensive that the footsteps would stop, but they passed ou and were lost in the distance.   " that may be yorkey," exclaimed rounce. "i'll go and see."   she snatched up the cloak from the bofa, and once again slipped from the room. in a very short time she returned, and exclaimed with eager eyes and heightened colour,   " it's lobo. i saw him going into the hotel." , _ -   "you make me quite nervous with your goings on, bounce," interjected her .mother, querulously. "supposing it is, he won t eat you. you mustn't go out again. i don t like it at all"   j "i must see him to night," she answered   eagerly. " lie may have something more to   tell us.1   "to-night. i won't have any such thing. whatever has come over you of late i can t tell. j jo you know it's 10 o'clock, and time to be in bed? i'm going to put out the lamp."   when mrs. francey spoke as decidedly as she did in this instance, rounce knew that arguments were of no avail, and so she re signed herself to the inevitable. there was some satisfaction in the knowledge that the (joan was in the township, and would not be likely to leave without seeing her. she deter mined to have an interview with him in the morning, and learn all she could from him, and with this resolve in her mind she went to bed.   the poor girl did not get much sleep that; nitfit, her mind was so overwrought and anxious. she lay awake more than half the night, tossing restlessly on her pillow, her thoughts full of arnold, of lobo, and of the warning the old fossicker had given her.   though she was unable to come to any de-1 finite conclusion, yet she felt certain that there was some connexion between arnold's mysterious disappearance and vorkey's warn ing. the more she thought of it the more strongly it became impressed on her mind, and the deeper the impression grew the more determined bhe was to fathom the mystery, llounce had ugly dreams of arnold in her sleep that night ishe dreamt that he was working in the claim over at trodd's, getting untold quantities of gold from the mine, when lobo suddenly appeared and hurled loads of earth on the young man's head, completely burying him. then she saw arnold standing by the camp-fire with his back turned to the hut suddenly a dark face was thrubt out of the open doorway, and lobo's thin body followed it slowly, slowly, he crept towards the young man, and there was a gleaming knife in his hand. the sleeper tried to cry out, but her tongue seemed glued to her palate. slowly, slowly the dark ggure crept up, but arnold never turned, never saw it then there was a flash-a cry-and everything disappeared.   again she saw lobo, havingthis time the body j of a serpent lie was coiled round arnold, crushing him between his slimy folds. tighter and tighter grew the coils, brighter and brighter gleamed the shining eyes of the raised head that bore a horrible likeness to the goan. it was all so tearful that rouuce   woke with a terrified scream. j   and so passed the weary night until dawn, when the girl sank into a healthful slumber.   despite of her disturbed night's rest, rounce was up early. she prepared the breakfast in her customary methodical way, and after it was cleared away set about her daily tasks.   "i expect mr. lobo will be round this morning, mother," she said quietly, as she cleared away the breakfast things. "i should like to see him by myself. you won't mind going into the store when he comes, there's a dear. if he sees me by myself he may come out with something about arnold."   "i don't like the idea of your being alone with a man like that," said mrs. francey.   "alone! why, you'd be in tbe6tore, and   ever so many people besides. yoa won't deny me, mother dear," and she gave the elder lady an affectionate kiss.   it was late in the afternoon, however, before the figure of mr. gabriel lobo darkened the entrance of the store. mrs. francey found occasion to busy herself with the canisters and tins behind the counter.   "is that you, mr. lobo?"' she baid, as that worthy walked up to the counter. "you are early."   " aye. i came in last night, but had some thing to do. it's so ionely over at trodd's now arnold's gone."   " i daresay it is. you haven't heard any   thing of him ?"   " not a word. i'm afraid he's gone for good."   he spoke in his usual easy fashion, but the widow could not wholly conceal her distrust as bhe gazed at him. his piercing eyes had a curious 6hifty light in them, and roved from side to aide with a look that was near akiu to one of fear. he was unshaved, and btrong bluish bristles darkened his chin in anything but a prepossessing way.   "miss rounce, is she in?" he askel.   " yes, my daughter is inside. i think she would like to see you."   the two cribbage players, early as it was, were'in the btore engaged even then in their never-ending game and recurrent disputes. as lobo passed by mr. jem davis called out to him,   "has arnold golt come back yet?" "no," rejoined lobo curtly.   "then hand me over them two penny weights, peter," he said, addressing his fellow player. " we betted a couple of pennyweights about it," he added in expla nation to lobo. ."feter here betted as he'd come back afore two days. fork out, mate."   " i said three days," responded that worthy. " no, you didn't; you said two." "three. i tell you." "two.*1   lobo did not wait for further developments, but made his way into the sitting- room. the two card-players always went through the bame performance. they quarrelled and disputed until they seemed on the brink of coming to blows, and then one or other gave way, and the game was renewed on the bame friendly basis as though nothing bad oc curred to disturb the harmony. they made it a rule to bet on every conceivable oppor tunity, invariably quarrelled over the result, and as invariably became reconciled. rounce greeted lobo in a manner that was half cordial and half repellant, as he entered the sittingroom.   "you are early to-day," she said, almost in the same words as her mother, motioning him to a chair.   " i came in last night it is so lonely over at trodd's, now arnold has gone."   " i dare bay it is. you nave not beard   ' " not a word. we've seen the last of him, i know. thieves that go off with a couple of hundred ounces don't come back again in a hurry."   it was a strange thing, but when he bad mentioned arnold's name to mrs. francey   previously, and when he mentioned it now, nis eyes roved shiftily round. so apparent was his effort to look unconcerned that llounce uoticed it at once. she wondered at it, and the recollection of her dream seemed to lend to his manner a significance she dared hardly think of, however, whatever might have been her thoughts, her face gave no token, for outwardlyshe seemed not to notice   his uneasy manner.   "it must be very lonely for you over at trodd's now," she said, breaking a palnfnl pause with an effort i hope we shall see more of you."   "do you wish it?" he answered eagerly. " if i thought so jl*d stop lit cuttriss's alto gether." , .   "and give up the mine ?n   " it's worked; out," he answered, .un guardedly. " we got off the gold, and thete   mightn't be another ounce for all w?kl   ha!" " oot   rounce could hardly repress an exclama tion. he comd not have wanted arnold then any more. could this man have used her lover merely as a tool, and then, when there was no more use for him, have got rid of mm? in her excited state the girl was apt to   come to strange conclusions.   , j>e robbed you?" she said sadly.   'did he take all?" '   i "no, not all there were two baza: but he took the largest one. i have a little left, though: just a few ounces. but 1 have other money, lie continued, eagerly. " i am not a beggar. i have saved for years in the hone of meeting one day with the woman of my   choice.   "ab!" sighed the syren, her bright eyes   hashing, her bosom heaving.   . ''yes, with the woman 1 should love," con tinuedlobodeeply. "and now i have met her-the only woman who can be anything   in the world tome."   kounce dared not trust herself to reply; but her steady gaze never wandered from the man a face. under the spell ot her hashing eyes lobo beemed to be quite carried away by   his feelings.   \- "} '?ve you," he cried vehemently. "these dolts here do not know what love is. it burns me like fire-it eats me up. my nature js warm, like the country i come from. i do not offer you the cold love of such as arnold.   the devotion gabriel lobo is capable of. you are too good for this place -you are made for better things. be mine, and i will take you to melbourne. you shall be sought after-admired. you shall lead another life-one you know nothing of yet"   frightened at his vehemence, the girl drew back.. the man's wild manner, his energy, bis disordered appearance, were indeed suffi cient to inspire fear in anyone. lie noticed ber movement of repulse   " don't draw away, for i love you as you were never loved before i will give you everything you can want. my whole boui is yours. no man could love a woman more   than i love you."   " ah ; arnold said that too," said the girl softly, with a (lash of her bright eyes.   " arnold-arnold golt!" he exclaimed with passionate ecorn. " what is he to me ? compared to me he is nothing-leas than nothing. he is a slave. i raise my hand   and he obeys like "   he stopped abruptly. carried away by his wild impetuosity he had seemed almost un conscious of what he was saying. but a strange intentness in the girl's looks arrested him. her looked at her fixedly for a moment* and when he spoke again it was in a different   tone.   " arnold golt is a thief and a scoundrel. don't compare my love to his. it is honest, at all events. he robbed me and forswore himself; his name is not worthy to be men   tioned."   but as he spoke, giving utterance to these sentiments, a curious change came over him. the last words died away on his lips in a trembling whisper; his eyes, which had been fixed imploringly on the girl, dilated, and became glassy with a look of terror. ihe pupils did not move, but they seemed   to paze past her into vacancy.   startled by his terrified looks, hounce turned hastily round in the direction in which his stony glance was fixed. but she saw nothing but the blank wall, with the portrait of the queen worked in wool hang   ing against it   the goan's dilated eyes never moved from   their fixed stare.   "again!" he cried in a husky voice.   * will it ever haunt me ?"   conquering her fright, rounce seized him   by the arm.   "what is it?" "him."   "who?"   "arnold."   she turned round, but there was nothing there-nothing but the old familiar objects she had known so long. she fell back from the trembling goan, and gazed at him with horror and loathing expressed in every   feature.   "arnold !" she cried. " what do vou   mean ?"   "there," he cried. "see, 6ee ! his spirit. it haunts me. i cannot get rid of   it."   he moved towards the door, finding his way mechanically, for his face was directed backwards over his shoulder, and his eyes re   tained their fixed stare.   as he passed oat rounce sank fainting to   the ground.   " hello! there's suthin' up!'' exclaimed one of the cribbage players in the store as lobo fled by out into the daylight. "did ye hear that ecream? i'll bet that there portigee's bein' eayin' suthin' to the gal, and bhe's been givin' him pyalaky."   "confound that d--d portigee, whatever he's been doin'," growled mr. peter doyle in answer. " he's been up to no good, i bet look at him. he's goin' off through the scrub as if the devil kisself was arter him."   away ! away! that was his only de sire-the one mad impulse that urged the goan on. away from that dreadful presence, away from all recollection of it, anywhere so as to be beyond its reach. completely un nerved by terror, the man pursued his head long course, for the time being veritably mad. over the bridge he rushed, and along the track, all his energies bent upon putting himself beyond the reach of that dreadful visitant. he plunged into the bush with some wild idea of finding refuge in its dark ening recesses; but it brought no relief to his tortured mind. every shadow was a phantom, every bending tree and busli beemed to point towards him in threat and warning, every rustle of leaf and branch filled him with terror unspeakable.   away, away, across rocky gullies, up gum clad heights, through thick belts of scrub, over grassy bollows. away, away; stumblingblindly against boulders, torn by spiky branches, stumbling into shallow pools m the hol lows- breathlees, bruised, and bleeding, he struggled on until he could go no further. then he dropped to the ground, trembling   and exhausted.   the evening wore on apace, and still he lay prone on the ground, breathing heavily. a sickly moon rose from behind the tim bered ridge; the trees gleamed white and   ghastly.   once the waving branch. of a low bhrub brushed against the pr6atrate fugitive's cheek, and he btarted to his feet in unreason ing terror as though at ibe touch of some phantom hand. again.he struggled on-a tottering figure now visible in the pale moon light, now passing out «f sight into ihe shadows. but be did not go far. soon he bank down again, burying his face in hishahda as though trying to shot <rat «dl -ssgpl febfl   .sound.   he lay on abe bare ground &$who1fe o£ the night, hardly moving, exhausted tn bod* and mind. even when the first pallid flushes of dawn appeared in the east he flifl not stir, but lay with hie head buned in ilia   bands. " . y . " . ^   the.eun was high in the beavene   / ,/lie was awakened l>v its   /   /ne said, raising himself to a /. "whore ami? what am a'': alt! 1 remember. that / i was frightened out of my lil'c, . ] ;im tired, and stilf, and bruised, /led to death. it lias nearly done for   j.<? fell back with a groan, and lay stretched out at lull length 011 the ground, basking in the prateiul sunshine. ile was a pitiable object. ilia clothes were torn, in some places to ribands : his face was scratched and marked with blood : the features were hollow and leaden in hue ; hi.j eyes had a wild look. ile lay a long time without stirring. the warming sunbeams brought- back vitality to his stiffened limbs. then he rose and seated himself on n fallen log. burying his lace in his hands in thought. when lie looked up at last, a vastly different expression was on his face. it was a kk k of fierce determi   nation.   "yes, i will do it. it is the   " 1 \ liil eef   ono "uj, n>   mumbling to himst'li. tic y-> ami made liis way in the dire tion of ihe de^evted caiuj\       chapter ix a lucky chance.   chaim'ku ix.   a h'ckv chance.   pool' mrs. l'rancey, hearing the noise in thesiunigroom, an<   rushing in irom ilie store, foun.l her daughter une.'iiscious on the lloor. atiertlieliim burst 01 sur prise and dismay, tin-1 widow set herself to r. store the tauitn uirl and before 111.my niinutis elapsed bad the satisfaction oi seeing kounce open her eyes.   her first remembrance was ot loboand his dreadlul manner.   "is begone':" she whispered   apprehensively. ,   " yes, dear : a<>n t bealarmel. he's gone, and lie never shall come here again, 1 h take good   care of that. ' .,   "oil mother' mother. arnold must be dead." she cned. sua denly bursting into a passion ot   te^!iusli, don't a pit ate your self, child," answeied ner mother boothingly. "dead, why should   you think so v   "that man-that nreadtr.l man," exclaimed poor kounce, with a shiver ol terror, lie sai l be saw his-his spirit. on. it was horrible the way lie lookn. over his shoulder. oil. mother   mother ! lie must have mur   murdered him.   "xonsense, child. ^ ouhavegot some foolish idea intoyt v.r neao.   "1 tell you. mother, he sa;.l he saw his spirit. his eye-> weie glaring and he trembled all over. what can that mean but that arnold is dead';' .   " it means nothing ol the kind, believe me," responded mrs. francey, doing her utmost to calm her daughter s agitation. "he was saying it to trighten yon. i am &ure; he thinks that if yon believe arnold is dead you will marry him."   "oh, never i never! she re plied, with a shudder. _   ">0, ot course not. it is all a wicked plot, 1 am sure of it there, dear, go to sleep. you are completely worn out. get an hour's rest and yi u will feel quite different. that man shall never darken our door again, i will take good care 01 that. , ,   " yes, i will co to sleep and be quiet," answered tl.e poor girl, agitatedly. "but tell me, mother, do you really think there is nothing in it his seeing the-the-what he said about 8?eing a spirit v"   "it was a wicked pl"t to frighten you. kounce. 1 am 6ure of it why, surely you den t believe wbat he said is true?   "ko, i can't believe it, ^she answered in tones oi reliel. he did it to frighten me, though what he could "   " there, there ; don t go worry ing over it. close your eyes, dear, and rest yourself. i'll take care you're not disturbed ; and in an hour or so you 11 be your   belf acain."   "thankyou, mother ; you are   very kind," she said gratefully, as mrs. francey smoothed the pillows, and finally kissing her,   gently left the room.   two hours afterwards kounce was up and about, quite reco vered. she was so strong, so healthy that the shock she had received was not able to exer cise more than a temporary eliect there might have been a slight pallor in her cheek and a dark shade under her eyes, but in her manner there was nothing to show that her interview with lobo had left any ill effect. whatever the anxiety she felt, ehe managed to hide it from observation ; and to her mother 8 inquiries bhe calmly answered   that she was better   during the morning, however, after the household duties wtri completed, bhe managed to slip oat unseen by mrs. ! rancey. she made her way rapidly through the township in the direction of bartisland's cottage, 'lhe day was beautifully fine, and some how in the open air and the unlight, her fears took amvcu less formidable shape.   burtisland was gardening. ' hallo! miss rounce, is that you?" he baid. "it's not   often we see you here. come in. come in." j   patting down his spade he opened the gate, i and uehered her into the cottage. i   ' if you'll wait till i've put on my coat and ! cleaned myself, i'll be with you in a minute, f there'e the paper on the table, if you want to   look at it. 1 won't be a second. now then," j be said, when he came back spruce and neat,   ' w hat can i do for yon ?" i   "01 , mr. burtisland, i wanted to speak to i yon about arnold." ;   "hum ! i thought it was something of that,   kind," he answered, knowingly. "well, if j there's anything i can do for you, you may be !   sure i will."   " you know that he's gone away."   " i know that lobo says he has, and   robbed him too."   "oh ! you don't believe that, do vou?"   "not i; not a bit of it to tell vou the tratb, hiss jionnee, i think that lobo'd do a lot more thieving than arnold. i mver stfieved from the first that golt took the jph, he might have cleared oat there was   nothing to prevent liim. but i'm pretty sure he isn't the mini to rol> his mate."   "oh, thank yon, air. i'urlislaud : i am so glad so jilail to hear you say so. and now i want to ask your advice. i'll tell you 11 that has occurred. i'm sure there's something we can't understand in it, and 1 want you to aid me, if you will."   "you know 1 will if i can,'' he answered kindly. " i've got mv duties to attend to ; but anything 1 can dolor you or arnold i'll do with pleasure. lot me hear what you   know."   llounee then gave an account of l.obo's visit with a becoming blush she told of the vehement love the goan had professed lor her, of his strange words in reference to arnold, and of the overmastering terror he exhibited the last time she saw him. she produced arnold's letter, and dwelt on the strange change that had gradually come over him prior to his sudden disappearance.   'it's nil so strange/' she said despairing ly. " there must be some mystery at the bottom   ?'l*f her 0   )verpowering tenror roonce forgot all caution, and bteim'ed forth from concealment ; only her face, wild and tale, and dishevelled   ha1k, wkke vlkible."-chap. xi.   i of it whet would he mean by enyirg, 'lie i is a slave. i have only to raise my hand ond   he obejb,'or eomelbing like that? he was so earnest, too, i am 6ure be meant it"   " oh, it was a boast, i suppose. lie thought it might make an effect on you. a nice chap   that lobo must be "   'then what would he ton aoout seeing a spirit?" the persisted no lees anxiously. "his eyes were almost starting out of his head, and he was trembling in the most awful way. oh you most help me to find   out what it all means," she exclaimed sud- { denly, her agitation returning. "i have! nobody else to rely on. that old man, ! yorkey, promised to help me, but he's gone   awav somewhere.   ' yorkey?" exclaimed the police officer,! his interest evidently aroused.   " yes; he warned me against lobo before -before-arnold disappeared. he has pro mised to help me, but i cannot find him. '   "what can he know about lobo?"said burtisland thoughtfully. "but there, [don't   lie imitated : i dure say we'll iretto the bottom of the mystery, and i'll lielp you nil i can. "   "(hi, thank you," cried (lie frirl, holding out her hand with a sudden impulse " my mother is so nervous, i don't like to tell her about these things, and 1 have not u person to relv cm besides joursell."   liurtisland was shrewd after a iashion, and one calculated by his position to help her in her plans, i it* was evidently very mueh impressed by the information she had niven him, and sat absorbed in thought lor   some time.   "the lirst thins i* ,0 find'arnold," iie said, alter a pause. " whatever has become of him, he must be above ground. i've already communicated with the otlice about him. hut nothing has transpired."   " mr. uurtisland, i want to nsk you to do me a very ^reat favour,'' said llounee, timidl'y   " what is that"   1 tal-.' me over to trodd's."   whv what, ivnuld your mother bay to   that? and what good can you do goinp:; j there!" j i " i have a fancy i should di6covcr some ! thing," she replied, earnestly. " i have old doughboy, you know, lie is in the stable, and i could saddle him in no time. don't   | refuse me. something tells me we should do   good by going over there."   "but your mother?"   "she won't say anything. i shall be with you, you know; and we can be back long before dark. i can't go myselt, and i am burning to ride over there. i am sure you won't refuse me. you promised to help me, you know."   when a woman-and more especially a young and pretty one-sets her heart upon tlie attainment of an object, success generally crowns her efforts. about balf an bour afterwards, the two set out on horseback for tbe scene of arnold's former labours.   " i'm sure we shall discover something," she said, as bbe whipped up her horse-an   ancient picb&ld; veteran that did equally well ,   iii harness or side-saddle. " something tel|s   j me that we shall nut havew our ride for ' ! nothing." i   she sat, hei steed li);e a true horsewoman. her rounded li^rure-set off to advantage liy   the dark riding-habit, ill-fittim: ami clumsily ' made though it was-was drawn up with an i easy <jrace that showed she was well accus   tomed to the saddle. !   ' they rode nuiekly alonj; tlie narrow track,   striking off from the creek n short distance   irom the township. at lirat their path lay i ! through open forest country, where ion;,'   rows of ^unis and stringy-bark and box trees, with the never-ending accompaniment of scrubby undergrowth, lined eacli side of the track. hut gradually the prospect closed ! in on either hand, and the forest once passed, 1 they found themselvesin the heart ot therangy   country. the track became more precipitous, beinjr crossed by numerous gullies crowded with ti-tree and wattle.   ' we're not far from trodd's now," re   'marked burtisland, as they drew rein at the i foot of a steep ascent   "avhat a dreadfully lonely place," said irounce, glancing round. "i wouldn't like   to live in these ranges. we bnven't seen a boui nil the way."   "there's nobody but a few miners lives here. it's a wild part of the country."   the view on every hand wbb bounded by low hills covered with scattered gums and box trees. the stunted undergrowth and scrub choking the gullies and declivities ascended a snort distance up the hills, but there terminated. higher up the ground was covered with btretcbes of cookc wiry grass. hardly a sound broke the stillness of (he solitudes, although it wns barely past mid day ; there seemed to be no living thing moving on the earth or in the air. tney pro ceeded for some time at a walk, and then, the last bill snrmounted, burtieland pointed to the valley lying below.   "that's trodd's."   , it wab rounce's first visit to the spot ,and   site gnzcd curiously down on the quiet river   lint, f   the waters of the trodd were rippling gently on their way, lighted up by the :iitcr niion glow. along the banks of the river the continuous yellowish heaps of mullock gleamed with golden lustre- deprived of their treasure they seemed to have renewal their store from the bun itself. dilapidated 1 and insignificant, the hut the two mates h;nl : erectod showed itself from out its surround   ings of lolinge and earth-heaps, whilst near it could be seen the black mouth of the shaft, ' with (he windlass and bucket over it.   "the place seems quite deserted," said knrtisland. "shall we go down ? 1 wo lder   what has become of lobo. he niudt be there,   at all events."   they descended, and tying up their horses, crossed the bridge of logs over tlietrodd on loot.   "arnold's horse goes across that bridge, every time," remarked bounce. "it's   dangerous, isn't it? 1 shouldn't like to take   doughboy across/'   if " ^ sup')(?se i'is pony is used t »   t. ri" p11 e dl! u n i!; i u n<l j   let me assist you. take m» hand. it is quite safe." my   all at once 1imince km.sped her companion by the urn, .'t turned a terror- stricken face to   d»sf wa3 »>« «. liiii,1"'1"" 1 lic"   "listen. over there!" 6ile cr.ej], a terrifie|, wiu ^   'here it is again." 1   tliey both listened breath lossly for a moment tlv   was so quiet, the slirhtoat no «   was audible. l   '.' oood uod ! what was it"'' said uurtiblandjiiuiselfsurtlo'   a groan," answered j   with a shudder. '   ,, wa'j r'.>l)t," he paid, q-.iietiv   *\e ii see what it is."   lie placed himself in front and quietly made his wiiy iijks "la the spot whence the s ,u;.d had come. itounce, too fri -htened to remain alone, follow.,t . im,| 60 they approached the liir'uth ot the shalt. as the police miiccr drew near, he called oui,   " who's there':"   a groan was the respi,i;-,>.   "there's someone down tiiere   exclaimed kounce, with a white lace. " perhaps hurt. oh' mr burtisland, can it be arnold v   '/it doesn't sound iike his voice," he answered, ps-triii' down the shaft. "]'.ut l'il u-k him. who's there?" he calk-lout.   "me," came up in thick nn".   cent?.   "by christopher! it's vorkey."   ;; yurkey !" echoed kounce.   yes, didn't yon hear him: i say,' he called out down tlie dark shaft, " what are you doin <? down there ? did you fall in~   '/no," answered yorkey's voice. "that cussed portico   chucked me in."   '' what ? lobo''"   "aye, cuss him. i think my back's broke. i've been here   about a week."   "can you manage to come up if j send down the bucket"   "aye; i think i can, though i'm pretty ni«h cooked."   in less than gve minutes, he made his appearance above ground- apitiableobjectenough, cut and bruised about the head and face, plastered from head to foot with clay and dirt, and looking tearfully hollow-e\ed nnd gaunt lie stared in" a c urious, confused way about him on being brought to the burface, and when the police officer helped him to step out of the bucket he slipped helplessly to the ground.   "give me a drink of some kind," he groaned. " i'm pretty nigh done. i believe i've been duwn thatblarmed hole about a week."   "oh, you'll be all ri<;ht in a minute," said hurtisland. " you couldnt have been down there long. why, i saw you yesterday at cuttriss's."   "vebterday, was it? it stems ot me as if it was ni^h_ on a month ago. hallo! here's the gal."   kounce had gone down to the river for water, and now re turned with some in a pannikin she picked up near the shaft.   " drink tnis, yorkey," elie said, holding it out to him.   "what, water? no tear. that's not what i want," lie answered, disgustedly. "i want a nip of brandy to put me right.   "there isn't any here," said burtisiand. "but whats thut yousaid? loboshoved you down! v hat was that for?"   "aye, the murdering black guard. he pitched me dowu. but i'll hev the lor on turn tor it i'll pay him back. its a mussy i'm alive.'   " you may thank miss kounce tor that, then. it she hadn t asked me to come over here witn ber you might have stopped down that shaft till all was blue. .   "it was her then, was it. well, i owe ye a good turn lor it, raisb, and i know how to pay   lt" oh, that terrible man," cried   the girl. " he might have killed   ^ "it waa a bit of luck as j   managed to fall on my teet.   mubt> be. nigh a undred feet   .deep. _ t i a arnold   ob. no ; h'a only twenty, i heara ahiuiu   bay bo, ' said ronnce.   " well, whatever it is, i'm shook to bits. i feel that stiff i might be a bit of stone "   " but what did lobo throw you down fori" sked burtialand somewhat impatiently.   ' we hed a qnarr'j." 'what about?"   "about suthin' i wanted to know;," answered the old man. "but i'll do for him afore i've finished with him. i'll pay him back for this. i'm knocked to bits,' he ex claimed, as he rose painfully to his feet. " i don't believe i've got a sound limb in wy   blessed bod v."   '' well, i'll keep a look-out for lobo after this," said burtisland with dissatisfaction expressed in bis voice. '"when we get to cuttriss's i'll want you to give me an account of what he attacked you for. you'd better stop here now, and you too, miss flounce. i'll go and see if there's anybody in tue   hat.   " i'll go too," said yorkey. " there may   j,c some eperita there. i know lie had some brnu<!.v, aixl i want a nip real bad."   cautiously the three moved towards the tumble-down building. the old foaaicker every now and again breaking out into a grout). his hurts, though evidently not of tjml deadly nature he had at lirst imagined, were suflicient to occasion him a good deal of   ^.'"fhe hut's empty," said the police officer, peering in. " there's nothing inside. lobo must iiave cleared out."   "i reckon it's about time he did," growled the old foasicker. "liy cripea ! there's a bottle. i knowed he had some in the camp. kmpty !" he cried, after a very short inspec tion. "that's just like him. he'd murder u man, and not leave him a drop o* lush to save him fromdyin'."   yorkey threw down the bottle and turned   ,wiy.   hurtisland looked about the hut hanging from the roof by a strap was a clean hour sack, tied securely at the mouth. inside were two or three small bags, containing flour, tea, sugar, and meat. a ______   few cooking utensiis sioon in one corner of the hut, whilst over them hung some rou^h clothes from a projection in the wall. a pair ot blankets were stretched out on the ground, as though left untouched alter 'bavin?: been slept upon, a sndnle at the head seeming to have served asn makeshift pillow. on the blankets were lobo's accor deonaiultwoold fashionedbooks.   "there's nothing much here,'   baid liurtisland thoughtfully. "thoseblanketsmubt be lobo 3, and those rations mean that he's comius: back, unless he's jroiijmr to waste tlii-ni. i'll keep   eye oil the place. he's bound to come back, and i'll nab him here, i've no doubt." llethen joined theolheisoutside.   "we might as well get back now,'" he said to l'ounce. "we can't do anything here. lobo's cleared out .seemingly, though i expect he'll be back again."   as he spoke a metallic clink broke upon their ears.   "!slip inside the hut," lie said in a whisper. " there ja souie one coming. l'evhaps it's him. don't let him tee you, or he'll be off before 1 can lay a hand on him."   the injunction was hardly'ne cessary in the case of yorkey, lor whether it was the recollec tion of lobo's former violence and his own hurts or whether it was lrom a desire to see venge ance wreaked on the head of tlie goan, the old man skipped so agilely into the hut that it eceraed as though he com pletely forgot for the moment his numerous aches and pains.   they all crouched down, llounce trembling apprehensively at the expected approach of the dread visitant. the clinking bounds came nearer and nearer, mingled with a strange shuffling noise, and llounce's pulse beat faster and faster, when sud denly a loud laugh broke irom uurtisland'e lips.   "it's arnold's pony !" he ex   claimed.   "blow me if it ain't! "corrobo rated yorkey in disgust   shufiling along in its hobbles, the sociable little animal came up to the party of three, end regarded them with tranquility.   "that's a nice thing to be frightened about," said burtis land. "we're a fine lot not to know the clink of hobble-chains when we hear them. but the pony '11 come in handy for you, yorkey. lobo's left him and gone away, and so we'll take him over to cuttriss's. he's bound to come back here for him again, and he won't be able to get away so quick if we take the pony. take his hobbles off, yorkey, and then you can ride   him in."   there was nothing further to keep them, and so they crossed the creek, yorkey leading the pony over the narrow bridge. on the opposite side tiny mounted, and set their faces in the direction of cuttriss creek.   as rounce said good-bye to her escort at the entrance to the store, she held out her hand with   pretty gesture ol gratitude.   " 1 thank yon much for taking me there, mr. burtisland. some thing told me we should not go for nothing, and just think-we bayed a man's life."   "you did, you mean," he answered pleasantly. "i give you all the credit of it"   " we both did," she replied.       chapter x a bold resolve.   chapter x.   a bold resolve. i   nave you heard anything about lobo, mr. hurtialand ?"   mot a word, miss rounce. l ve sent all round the district, too, but he hasn't been seen   anywhere."   i wonder what could have become of him."   " he's hiding, i've no doubt, .trying to clear off altogether, l ve riven notice at the head f , e about him, on account of trying to murder old yorker, .luats the only thing we have flfiainst him now, although snowing what we do, arnold's   uu yes. i am bure there is something we cannot under* stand in it. that terrible man   haadone him some injury, i feel sure.'   wemubthope not, though i must confess it does look libe it but we'll find that portugee before long, and then we'll see if we can't get something out of him. hallo, lorkey! you're at it again, are you? cant   you keep away from the blebsed drink ior a   day?"   kounce and the police officer were talking in the btore, of which they were the only occupants, when the old fcwsicker staggered in.   perhaps it was with the pious intention oi celebrated bis remarkable escape from lin gering death that the old man, directly bt re turned to cuttribs creek, went to the public bouse and got rapidly and uproariously drunk in the company of two or three con jjenial spirits. he not only got drunk on the ofty of his retnrn, but kept it up on the one succeeding, which wab the day on which the   conversation between ronnceand burtisland   wok place.   .j00 k® aitear'd of me," be hic coughed, in anbwer to the police officer's remark. " i'm all right; there ain't nothing   the matter with roe. i knows a thing or i two, and i ain't roin' to forgit it." j   "oli, yorkey ! whatever makes you ret, into such a dreadful state?" cried llouuce. j "you promised me not to go drinking j with these miners, and now yo've been j breaking your promise. kemember how they ! beat you last time." ;   'l'he girl's words brought to yorkey's mind 1 the recollection of her kindness on that former occasion, when the sledge-hammer   fist of tra-la-la dick lind knocked him under i   the bar counter. he thought of the sticking- } plaster and the hot water, and a tear of | maudlin sentiment shone in bis eye. i   "i mind me of it," lie answered, thickly ;' "and i mind me how ye fetahed hot water j and stickin'-plaster. i ain't a goin' to forgit. them things, nor as it was you and him   he pointed to burtialand- 'as pulled me out i i of that cussed shaft. i'm reg'lar fond of you, ' miss-reg'liir fond, that's what i am ; and 1 mean to doynu a good turn."   "do you kuow anything, then?" she   asked quickly. "about lo'do? do you   know where be i&"   " i wasn't sayin' i did,was i?" he answered, with aggravating literalnese. "how should i know where the d d portigee is, con siderin' i've been down a blarmea shaft for about a month ? no, i don't know where he is-and 1 don't want to."   " then what do you mean by saying you'd do a good turn?" interposed burtisland,   shortly.   " what do i mean, eh ?" responded yorkey, cocking his eye with drunken gravity. "i mean a lot more'n you know of. t' aint no   food me barrackin' about wot i know an' wot   don't know. all 1 says is, i'll do ye a good   turn some day-when the time comes."   " do you know anything about this lobo, then ?" asked burtisland. " what mode you warn miaa rounce against him that time, before arnold went away ? "   " what mode me warn the gal ? becoa i knowed he wab a bad lot-a rank bad lot i didn't want to see no harm come to that there fam y cove of hern, and so 1 told her.   ljut, lord, she didn't take no heed, and what's the consequence?-why, the young   cove goes and wnnishes."   " vou think, then, that it's lo o that has   done it? " j   " think ! why, didn't he shove me down the sliafr, and leave nie there to rot? if he'd j do that to a poorold cove like me, don't you think he'd murder his mate for a 'undred or ft couple of 'hundred ounces of gold, as i heard tell they hod to go whacks on ? course it's him. he done it-that portijiee."   "and do you think he murdered poor   arnold ?" exclaimed itounce, brokenly. i   "i don't know. he may and he mayn't, j 15ut if there's goin' to be anythin' done, you'd | better keep an eye on trodd's. if that: young cove ain't cleared out right and proper, i he must be somewherea nigh to the camp. ! livin' or dead, if he ain't gone off like thatj cussed i'ortigee said, he must be somewheres at trodd'n, and the lust thing would be to   find him."   i'ttpring thpfl0 rpnt.iinent* with exlromft deliberation, though uot without the inter   " eetbiduxion."-chap. xv   ruption of more than one hiccough, the old " hatter" gazed round at his small audience with a conscious air of having stated the case with extreme neatness, and cocked his hat knowingly over one eye.   he was turning away when llounce laid her band on his arm with a quick excla   mation   i " what's that you've got on your head ?"   she asked.   "what is it?' why, 4 hat, o' course.   what bhould it be ?"   "it's arnold's."   "the devil it is !" granted yorkey.   "where did you get it?" asked burtis   land.   "i picked it up near the creek over at   trodd's."   "it's arnold's," cried llounce again, ex citedly. " i know it well enough, lie bought   it at the store."   the old fossicker held it out for general in spection.   " well, i don't know if it is or if it isn't all i know is that when that cussed portree   chucked me down the shaft i lost my hat,   imd 1 picked this 'ere one up nigh on to the   creek."   "arnold's hat'" exclaimed burtisland.   "jle wouldn't have gone without ahat," said llnunce agitatedly. "there must he some dreadtul mystery in it."   " he might have had another,'' said burtis land thoughtfully.   " hut lie hadn't," she replied. " lie always used to wear that one. 1 never saw him in any other' oh ! mr. burtisland, what can it   menn ?"   " well, we are bound to find out sooner or later," he answered with assumed cheeriul ness. " don't be anxious. this hat gives us a clue. we'll get to the bottom of it   now."   " what i sea is, if that there's his hat, and he hadn't another, he'b bound to be some whereb nigh to trodd's," said yorkey oracu larly. "a man's nowhere without his hat,   nor his boots neither."   " ile can't h:ive gone," cried kounce. "it is all a terrible mystery. if his hat was near   the river he might have fallen in." a shudder and a sudden blanching of her face sufficiently indicated what was in her mind.   " no: it can't be as bad as that," said the police officer cheerfully. " don't lose heart, miss lloun^e. we'll find arnold before long, i'm certain, and safe and bound. but there's your mother calling you. i'll try and see you again this afternoon, and we'll see what can be done,"   "aye, we'll see what can be done," echoed yorkey feelingly.   mrs. francey'a voice calling to her daughter a second time broke up the discussion, and caused the little band of conspirators to separate.   yorkey sauntered back to the public-house. meeting his old opponent, tra-la-la dick, at the bur, yorkey first shook hands with him with the utmost impressiveness, and then half an hour afterwards challenged him to mortal combat according to reports after wards current throughout the township, the immediate cause of the quarrel was a rash statement ventured upon by old yorkev in   \- -v not   relerenc to a young woman-daughter   the publican-whom tra-la-ia dick was popularly supposed to regard with particular favour. something having been said about the attractions of the damsel in question, yorkey advanced the opinion that she was beef down to the he<*ls like a mullingar heifer," which so incensed her admirer, i'ra-la-ia dick, that lie forthwith seized yorkey by the nape of the neck, and swung   him to the other end of the bar.   this outbreak of hostilities was followed by a temporary calm, only to buret out again in a short time with renewed violence, aud the end was that yorkey finally lorgot his troubles and hib bruises in tipsy stupor   under the bar counter.   no yorkey being visible, rounce francey was constrained to remain in the store, and became doubly restless and anxious in con   sequence.   the old man's words and her own fears had all pointed the same way. the only chance of learning anything about arnold i was assuredly through lobo, and to find him   should be her first endeavour. she blamed herself for not hav ing detained him by some artifice at the time of his last vibit. his terror must have meunt something, and if she had played her cards cleverly she might have learnt more about arnold from him in his excited state than she would be. likely to glean when he was collected and 011 his guard. she seemed to forget the terror that had stricksn her to unconsciousness. the only way of discovering what had become of poor arnold lay through lubo-that thought was constantly in her mind ; and us the weary hours dragged them selves on, the thought gave birth to a resolve. she would go over totrodd's again. lobo'sblankets were in the hut yesterday, a sup ply of rations was hanpi.g up, everything teemed to imimaie that he would return. l"ei hitpa lie had returned ; perhai s he was there at that very moment. and arnold could not have gone away. whatever had come to him, he must be eomewhtie there. the lindinsr of his hat was enough proof for her. what ever burtisland might say. living or dead, something told her le was still at trodu'e.   at the thought 6he started up and made a few hasty steps to wards the door, but stopped hall   way in indecision.   " mother won't let me go." sle inwardly remarked ; " so it's 11 j good thinking of it."   sheglanced towards the sitting room, in which mrs. francey vvu seated.   i " she's asleep," she whispered. " she would't know, and lean tell her i didn't like to wake her. i can't stop here, i feel so rest less and anxious. i wonder if she'd be very angry if i went."   she must have known that she was screwing up her courage to the performance of a very unlilial act, for her pretty face became quite hardened in expression.   "she was so angry with me last time," 6he continued, solilo quising thoughtfully. " she said it was unwomanly, and bold, and all kinds of dreadful things. but i feel so anxious i can't resist the thought of riding over there again. it might lead to something-who knows? i won der if mr. burtisland is at home. i think i'll ask his advice."   those two disputatious en thusiasts, mr. peter doyle and mr. jem davie, had come into the store half an hour previously, and were engaged at cribbage for two pennyweights and drinks   "that's moses for me," cried mr. doyle energetically. "fif teen two, fifteen four, and game. there was drinks on this game,   mind."   'no fear.'   i'll bet my shirt there was. you've got to ante up for 'em anyhow."   " not i," cried mr. jem davis, slapping his cards down in his turn. "i ain't goin' to be 'ad like that. i say we hadn't no drinks on this game."   "we had."   "we 'adn't"   "don't quarrel, peter," said rounce, "you make such a noise, and mother's asleep."   "quarr'l! who's quarr'ling? we ain't; we're only hevin' a lew words about this'ere game. jem 6ays we didn't bet drinks on it.''   "and no more we did," inter rupted that gentleman promptly.   " i'll go my bluey we did."   " i'll bet my shirt we didn't'   " well, never mind," baid rounce. " i want one of you to do me a favour. it's to go to mr. burtisland's cottage, and tell him i want to see him. will you go for me, peter ?"   " i'll go," said jem davia.   " no you won't," growled mr. doyle. " she's axed me, and i'll go. don't you be a packing them cards when i'm away."   " he' a rum un is, peter," said davis confidentially to rounce when the otherhadgone." "he'a a scotty kind of a cove, and one as won't give way ; but he can't play cribbage worth a button, lie's got no more idear of it than them hour-bags has. i can give him pyaliky every time, and run   ringrs round him."   " burtisland ain't at 'ome," ex claimed the subject of these re marks, reappearing. "he's gone out ridin* somewhereb."   " it's unlucky. i wanted to see him par ticularly. did you ask when he'd be back ?"   "aye. not till late to-night, he left word."   the two men began another game with very little preparatory recrimination. rounce watched them for some time from her post behind the counter, and then addressed them again.   "i must see yorkey, then, if i can't see mr. burtisland. do you know where heis?"   " over at the pub, where he always is," responded jem davia   " i wish you'd run over and tell him i want him." .   " i'll go if ye like, said her former mes   senger.   " no, you won't. i'm the one as bhe axed, and i'm the one as is goin'."   "yes.you go this time, jem," said the girl. " i'm sorry to trouble you, bat you don't mind i know."   . 2 ' ,   ^ssss^jf a sort, isn't jem," re   0 "'// s3 yearly, aa the other went s // /fit bad-tempered one. lie   an' nbout cnbbage thouch. /ocy'd know more about it in iuiock spots off him every time. a)! lor, it makes me laif to think   /indulging sarcastically in that pro   / when the other returned.   /ain't no rood wantin' to see yorkey," 6nid "davis ; "he's lying there in the bar as drunk as a fiddler. lie's that lull o' liquor that his snores sound watery."   "goodness me !" ejaculated rounce, in utter despair. " what shall i do v 1 can't get either of them. i've a good mind to go by myself."   despite this bold declaration, however, she did not seem to be any more at her ease, for 6be walked op and down the store, and peeped in at her mother, and exchanged a few passing words with the card-players in a very restless fasliiou indeed,   "i don't know what it can be." she ex claimed. " my nerves are all of a twitter. i feci as if something were going to happen. i cannot keep still, do what 1 will; 1 think i must be going to be ill."   she continued her restless marching up   and down for some time.   " 1 wonder if mother would think it very   bad of me if i rode oyer there alone? i suppose she would. she'd be awfully angry, 1 know. but i'd only stop a moment, just (o see that nothing had occurred. it's six miles. i could be there and back in an hour and a half, and nobody would know. i think i will-yes; i tvul i shall be all the better for the ride, even if i see nothing, and nobody will harm me or interfere with me. yes, i am determined to go, come what   may."   this bold resolve was not come to without much wavering and hesitation on the part of ihe restless girl; but reprehensible as it un doubtedly was, once made, she never wavered   lrom it.   " peter, jem," she cried, trying to repress lier excitement. " i wish you'd catch old doughboy for me and 6addle him. lie's in the little paddock here."   "why; what are you wantin' him for?"   asked peter.   " i've got a headache, and want to go for a   ehort ride."   "what, alone?"   " ye9; i've no one to go with me."   " i don't like to see gals goin' out ridin' by iheirselves," remarked peter, with dissatis faction. " i'll go with ye, if ye like."   " do you think she wants your ugly figure head by her side?" asked mr. davis, con temptuously.   peter shook his head meditatively, and both men went out without further remark. in a very short time they came to the door, leading bounce's horse, saddled and bridled. whilst they were out, kounce slipped quietly into her bedroom and put on her riding   babit.   "peter," she said, taking the reins from his hand, "if mother wakes up and asks ?where i'm gone, tell her i've a bad headache and have gone for a bhort ride to get rid of it don't forget."   "wager," he answered.   she had some difficulty in mounting, for both men were anxious to lend assistance, and both were wofully ignorant as to the right method of doing so.   " well, mate. we've got to mind the store till the old 'om&n; wakes up. mind you don't get on to any of yer jawin'," baid peter doyle, as the two resumed their seats on the tlour baea   "then mind ye play lair," answered the   other.   "it's yon that doesn't play fair. you wouldn't ante up them drinks."   "it wasn't a bet" " it was."   "it wasn't"   " it was only two pennyweights." "and drinks too."   " i'd bet my shirt it wasn't."   " oh, shut up. you ain't got but one, and you can't afford to lose that"   jem took "three for last," and peter   dealt       chapter xi death in life.   chapter xi.   death is life.   it was about three in the afternoon when rounce reached the hill overlooking the trodd valley. the river flat seemed quite deserted. everything was quiet and still. she rode down the elope of the bill, and, after a little hesitation, tied her horse up to a clump of ti-tree, and crossing the bridge on foot, made her way towards the bat   it was a courageous proceeding to venture into the camp alone and unprotected, and brave as she was-she could not help shuddering aa she peered in.   "there has been somebody here," she murmured in a terrified whisper. "the blankets are gone, and the bag of stores. goodness me! he must have been here."   she was a bold girl, but the thought of lobo being perhaps actually near made her heart palpitate, and without further ado she eathered up the skirt of her riding-habit in both hands, and fairly ran away. she never stayed her flight until she had crossed the river and reached her horse; she was about to unhitch the reins from the branch when a   light sound, striking on her ear, caused her to drop her hands suddenly and listen.   " it's an accordeon," she whispered, with a   . white face.   "it must be him. there's nobody else can playjike that"   she stood listening; the music stopped, and then commenced afresh in a wilder strain.   " oh, heavens !" she cried, " what shall i do? shall i go? i might discover something of arnold. but i am terrified at the thought ot meeting that man-and alone. what shall i do? what shall i do? it's coining from up the river. what can he be doing there? they were not working there. what can it mean? perhaps arnold is there. perhaps i will find out yes, god in heaven aid me; 1 will risk all for arnold's sake;"   the brave girl raised her eyes to heaven, bright with heroic love, and murmured a prayer for help and protection; then, without giving herself time for hesitation, she walked softly in (he direction from which the strains proceeded.   it was not difficult to follow the sounds, for at every step she took they became more distinct she made her way up stream, along i/4p9 narrow footway between 4he river and   foe cliffs. she was a true bush woman, and   'tubed through the dense scrub with sur- i .pifitelgaguitjr and stealthinesa   ? jifsjagth aro atopped. the sounds had   fired and distinct where she   towards the base was bare t   : will «rf iy'ftrtr wth tbene small fissures ,   voice that made her bhudder broke the ]   silence.   " this shall be the inst i have read every   word, but the books tell me nothing. one j   last trial to rid me of this-this-thing; and if it fail, then, by hell! arnold golt, your ghost may haunt me for ever."   at the mention of her _ lover's name,   rounce's heart beat with violence. what ] could it mean? svas he there in the cave? perhaps a prisoner-perhaps bound and helpless, kept there by that terrible man. but what could he mean by speaking of arnold's ghost ? was her lover dead then? or was he going to kill him? what could she do to save arnold ? what could bhe do a poor, weak, helplesas woman? in her dreadful anxiety and fear slit raised herself higher and higher, and tried to peer into the cave. but the scarped side of the rock and the matted bushes intervened; she could only see a few feet into it   "it can't be worse than it is now." said the voice, breaking upon the silence again. "ghost or spirit-i don't care which. one more effort and it shall end one way_ or the other. this very night shall settle it, and then i wfll take the gold and leave this cursed country for ever. yes, one more trial   and the last"   the voice stopped once again, but only   momentarily.   " the gold! i will get it now whilst it is light. i mayn't want to go near the place atterwards. yes, i will dig it up now, and have it ready ; then there will be nothing to stop me."   the cirl had hardly time to draw back into   the ti-tree before the goan came out if he j had been less occupied with his own thoughts -less assured of the secre9y of his hiding place, he must have seen her, for she was not more than an arm's length from him as   he came out but her dark habit did not ] catch his eye in the deep shadows of the ti tree, and he passed on unconscious of her   presence. she listened to his retreating foot- ^ steps, and then stood up. she feared to i think what dark horror might await her in the cave, but she determined to dare all for   arnold's sake.   " merciful heaven protect me!" she prayed in a terrified whisper, standing before the   dark opening. "aid me to find out what j this dreadful mystery is."   she scrambled through the bushes and stood inside the cave. there, stretched out on a blanket 011 a rocky ledge, lay arnold, to all appearance dead. her llret impulse was to rush away from the horrible sight, but her   feet seemed rooted to the spot then, her | fright overcome, she threw herself down by the side of the motionless body in a burst of anguished weeping.   "arnold ! arnold! ob, my love! my   love!"   the words broke from her in piercing tones. terror and dismay-all thought of herself, of lobo, of the danger she tan, vanished before her overmastering grief. she bent down and kisaed the colourless lips. but what was it that made her spring to her feet? was it a dream, or could it be that those pallid lips were not quite cold and dead ? she had seen death before. she had been with her father during his last moments.   she had kissed the dead lips. but this was' not the same. arnold's lips were not cold and hard. hardly conscious of what she did, ahe slipped her hand inside his shirt at first she could feel nothing ; all was chill and still. but gradually she thought she felt a slight movement of the heart she took her hand away and then replaced it yes, she was sure it was there-faint and almost imperceptible, but an unmistakable beat she remembered that she had a small mirror in the pocket of her habit, and she blessed the feminine vanity that prompted her to carry it she held it over the mouth of the pros   trate figure, with a palpitating eagerness that caused the hand that grasped it to shake. then she drew it away and looked at it a slight moisture dimmed the glass.   "thank god ! oh, thank god ! he cannot be dead."   at that moment, as she knelt over the corpse-like form, a sound outside caused her to start to her feet apprehensively.   " he's coming back. oh ! what shall i do to protect arnold-to guard the little life left? oh, heaven ! help me."   she did not think of herself-of the danger she ran should she be discovered. her sole thought was of him. but the crashing sound in the undergrowth grew nearer and nearer, and warned her that if she would escape no time must be lost she bent down with a hasty, terrified gesture, and pressed her warm lips once again to arnold's cold ones.   "i will stay near you and watch. if he tries to harm you, i will beg and pray for him to kill me instead. we can only die together if the worst comes."   she was about to glide out, but nil at once drew back with a sudden shrinking. the steps were almost upon her ; they sounded so near, she felt she must be seen. escape was cut off. she gave one despairing glance around, and a projecting buttress of rock at the back of the cave caught her eye. the time for action was snort indeed, for ligbo was at the very entrance. quick as lightning the girl darted to the back jisf the cave and bid behind the buttress. she stood in deep shadow, completely hidden. she drew her long skirt about her, and stood motionless. she was too terrified to peer out, but she heard lobo scrambling through the entrance, and drop something heavy on the ground. then his voice broke the   silence. ~   "there's a storm coining up, and a black one too. it'll be a devil of a night if it don't clear off. what shall i do? 1 don't want to have to stop out all night in it i'll wait to see if it's going to clear."   by the noise he made rounce thought that he had seated himself on the ground, and peeping cautiously out she saw him squatted near the entrance, with bis back towards her   and arnold.   it was, no doubt, from some overpowering feeling of loneliness that the man spoke aload. his voice soon came again to the listening girl's ears.   "two hundred and fifty ounces-ftgoodish pile. in india it wonld make a rich man of me. there's only this one thing now. that girl-i give her up; nil i want is to rid myself of this-this-thing, and go away from this cursed australia. to-day shall decide it it bhail be a dead man's spirit or nothing."   the girl saw him take a small volume from inside nis shirt and turn over the leaves. slowly.. bat his reading did not continne long, for after a short time spent in perusal, he put it away and rose tp his feet r.   <rit tells me nothing-nothing at all this tranoe is beyond me. i don't onderstana it ha! it's becoming blacker outside. lbe storm will soon break. even this horrible cave is better than nothing on aftormy night" ? 1   he looked out through the opening, bend ing bade some ot the boshes to gain a better   net. ...   the afternoon was grsdaslly waning, end evening coming on. heavy cloudswere gathering in the sky. a strange^ stillness   seemedto brood in die   the storm, /   lobo let go the bushes and turned back   into the cave. , . ,   " it'll be a wild night-a feariul wild night. but 1 can't btny here. this silence and lone liness is making a woman o£ me. no, i w   stop in this devil's hole any longer. ilia , that thing may comeback at any moment,   and frighten me out of my life. 1 want a | good stiff nobbier lo put lite into me. otor n or no storui, i'll finish my work, and end it one way or the other." _   it had become dark msulo the cave so dark that hounce could hardly discern tue moving figure of the goan. ,,   lie stood in the midst of shadows, hardly , distinguishable from the obscurity arounu.   the sharp angles ot the rocks were laintiy i discernible. lobo struck a match, and lit a candle, fixing it on a ledge just above where arnold lay. at that moment alow peal o thunder was heard, and the entering wiuil made the llaine lliclter. ,   " i'll wait no lonuer," cried lobo. une   more try, and if i fail this time then i will 1 kill him. if he is beyond my power, then it shall be in-death."   staring out from the shadowy cover, the   horrified rounce baw lobo rise to his lull height and pass his arms over the unconscious body of her lover. she watched him with a   fearful fascination, as he waved them to and j fro, up and down. she did not understand ; what was taking place ; she only knew that   there, in the half-light, with a terrible ex-1 pression of anxiety and eagerness on his face, fie was standing over poor arnold, labouring at 6ome dreadful task. she could have shrieked aloud; everything was so mysterious, so terrible, she was almost beside horselt with fright. .   the llame flickered. moving phadows mingled and separated on the walls of the cavern, keeping time with the goan 8   gestures. .   when she looked out again, he was stand ing back. ilis arms had fallen to his side, and a terrible louk was on his fuce-such a one as 6he saw when he rushed headlong from the sitting-room at home.   "again," he muttered breathlessly- it] comes again, that fearful shape.. all is then no good. i fail again. it shall be for the   last time."   ilis eyes were fixed on vacancy, his trem bling hand fumbled at his bell the watch ing girl followed the direction of his gaze, but there was nothing there-nothing but the bare rock and the changing shadows.   "again !" he muttered. '' what can it be; spirit-ghost ? 1 used to laugh at such things, but now-oh ! horrible." lie was silent for a moment, and then continued. " it does not stir, but stands there deathlike and still. what can it be ? can it be his spirit-his soul, perhaps? ilavel any power over it ? can i command it too?"   lie raised his arms towards the spot on which his gaze was fixed with so _ much in tensity, and waved them fantastically, but   very soon let them drop to his side, and ]   shrank back with an exclamation of de spair.   " it does not move," he muttered shulder ingly, '"it's horrible. 1 will eud it one way or   the other."   he put his hand to his belt. when he   raised it again hounce saw to her horror that j   he had drawn a knife.   in her desperation hounce forgot all, caution, and stepped from behind the but- j   tress.   the movement caught the goan's ear, deeply as he was pre-occupieil he turned mechanically. lo ! what did he see a new terror-a pale face standiug out by itself in the gloom-staring eyes, parted lips, dis   hevelled hair-a iace without a body, an an-,   earthly apparition. for, clad as hounce was j   in a black riding habit, her form was indis tinguishable in the dimness of the cavern, and the light of the caudle-flame fell only upon her countenance.   the distracted, bewildered, terrified goan uttered a piercing scream-stayed not to thiuk   or examine-dropped the knife, and tied. ,   r tunce also screamed, and dropped faint ing to the ground.   the goan. fled to escape from the horrors peopling the fearful cave-the spectral face, the unearthly shriek, the ghostly shade which had been ever haunting him. unconscious of what he was doing, heedless of the direc tion he was taking, eager only to escape, he dashed into the scrub, struggling through the underwood, striking the trunks of trees, stumbling over logs into pitfalls, scrambling out again, tripped up by exposed roots,   falling, recovering his feet, and ever rushing j wildly, madly on. once he fell into the stream, was carried under, came to the surface, climbed op the bank, and was off again. the storm raged, but he did not mark the lightning or the thunder, lie struck against bome huge beast-what, he did not observe- rounce's horse, which wrenched his bridle off the ti-tree, and weut off crash ing through the timber. lobo saw nothing but the spectral face, heard nothing but the   shriek still sounding in his ear*.   appearing for an instant on the ridge, he plunged down into the ravine, as cended tne steep on the far side, his heart beating, his temples throbbing, pant ing, pausing for breath when he reached more open ground, catching right vaguely of a pathway among the heavy timber, and bounding away in a new direction. a tall bare gam-tree, which had long been dead, stood by the track he was now pursuing. lobo recognised it at he was drawing near, and shuddered.   a dazzling blase of intense light obliged him to slacken pace. it was fallowed in stantaneously by a terrifying peal.   lobo staggered, recovered, and looked np!   the trunk of the old tree gaped from the top downwards, and a bony skeleton was grinning down upon him ! the tomb of the mate be bad murdered years before stood wide open!       chapter xii seeking for rounce.the secret of seven years ago reverled.   i cn.\rr£k xil   seeking fob bobhce,-the 8ecbet of beves   teabs aqo bbvbalkjx   four hours after the adventurous hoqpce left cattriss's creek on her errand of dis covery, bartisland, the police officer, as he was wuiliag away the lime smoking on his verandah, deceived an urgent message from mrs. franoey through mr. peter dojle.   "she wants to see you/'aaid that worthy. "she's is anorful taking. her garwent away this arteraoon, and hasn't come back."   "what girl ?"   w"miss lioancc." - . . * "goneaway?"   . " yes, riding. me and jem davis saddled her horse for her. she said she wanted to ko for a ride, havin' a headache like.''   bartisland pot his pipe in his pocket, and accompanied the messenger back to the   .tore, r   mrs. franceyvas in herxisasl pl&oe; behind the counter. directly she set eyes on'him .beaddesssed him excitedly   "oh, mr. bartisland, i don't know what to think. bonnoe has beenaway oil - the alttrnoon and hasn'toomeftack yet. do yon jcoow what baa become of he*?"   "i don't really, vis. faucejr. ihayeat'   seen her since this morning. 1 dare say she'll   be back soon."   "inm setting so nervous nbout her," ex claimed the widow. " she went oat riding alone. she knows i don't like it. i wonder how she could. but bhe's never been so late   before."   " where lias she gone to, do you kuow?"   " no, that's the worst ol it, i haven't an   idea."   "didn't she say where she was goinp when you got her horse?" he asked of the cnbbage plnyers, still seated on the hour-bags.   "no," nnswcred mr. doyle.   " yes, bhe did," said mr. davis.   " where-where was ahegoiug ?" asked the widow eagerly,   "going for a ride."   "oh, yes, i know that," said mrs, francey, with disappointment in her voice. " 13ut 1   want to know where to."   "oh, she never told us nothing about that," responded mr. jem davie.   " weil, i've no doubt 6he'll be back shortly," repeated burtisland, seeing how   anxious she was.   : half an hour passed, but still no rounce,   and mrs. francey's anxiety increased to such an extent that liurtisland offered to go and look for the missing ({il l.   " i have my mare in the btable," he said. " i'll just take a canter along the tiuck to couibah, and see if 1 can lind her. she generally goes that way for a ride, 1 think."   " yes," answered mrs. francey. "it's the best road, and she always prefers it to any other. 1 hope and trust that nothing may   have occurred to her."   .' why, i suppose she was riding old doughboy, wasn't she!" asked burtisland, turning to peter doyle.   "yes."   "oh then, you can make your mind easy, mrs. francey. she couldn't come to any harm on him. he's very quiet, and, remem ber, she's a splendid horsewoman."   "yes,' but god knows what may have happened to her," said the anxious mother. " 1 never knew her to stop out so late as this   before."   " well. i'll go and try if i can see anything   of her."   and the good-natured.trooper went out of the store to saddle his mate.   jle had not been gone long be lore the storm that had surprised lobo in the cave burst over the township. the first intimation came in a loud peal of thunder and the rattle of rain-drops on the iron roof. gradually the thunder became more deafening, the lightning flashed, and was followed by the rattle and splash of rain.   "goodness gracious!" cried mrs. francey, more and more alarmed. " what a terrible evening. it's coming down in sheets. the girl will get soaked through and through. there must be something the matter, or she'd never stop out in such a storm as this."   in half an hour the trooper came back, wet   to the skin-and alone.   " not a sign ol her," he said, briefly. " i followed her tracks for a bit, until the rain   washed them out"   " and you are soaked to the skin," said mrs. francey, with a pale face. "oh ! what ever can have come to liounce? fancy her being out at a time like this. something terrible must have occurred to her, i know."   "lvrhaps she has got bushed in the dark ness," suggested burtisland. "or she may be camped somewhere, waiting till the storm's over. ii'b a pretty rough evening to . e out in. i dare say she's sheltering some   where."   " oh, i wish i knew where she was! i pray heaven may protect her," sighed the   widow.   " well, i think i had better go and get a change," said liurtisland. " i'm wet to the | bone. the rain's coming down a hurricane. { the creek'ii be a banker in no time. i'll get my macintosh, and if bhe doesn't turn op soon i'll have another try to find her."   lie went out, and returned again in about a quarter of an hour.   " not come yet j" " no."   the widow was walking restlessly to and fro. she turned to him with a gesture of   despair.   " i «hal! go distracted," she said, nervously. "it's nearly 9 o'clock, and not a sign of   her."   "by josh!" suddenly exclaimed jem davis, "old yorkey might know where she's gone she sent tne for htm afore she left,   but he was too drunk to come."   " go and bring him then," cried mrs. francey, catching eagerly at this straw of hope. " he may know something."   " lend as your macintosh, then, mate," said davis to the police officer. "it's no use gettin' wet"   enveloping himself in it, be dashed out into the rain, and returned in lire minutes with the old tossicker in tow.   yorkey's appearance was not prepossess ing, for his face was cut and showed other signs of his late debauch. but he had, evi dently, slept off the effects ol the orgie, for   be was quite sober.   "do you know where my daughter has gone to?" asked mrs. francey anxiously,   directly he came in.   "your darter. how should i know where ahe is," be answered, brushing the rain from his face. " what did yon bring me here for   in the wet ?"   "i thought you might know where she's   gone."   "me! i don't no notliin' about it. i never seen her since this mornin'. what's become of her, then ?"   " she went away this afternoon riding and   hasn't come back."   " what l out in all this rain ?" be asked, a gleam of interest-and to all appearances sympathy--in his watery eyes.   the widow nodded. she could hardly   trust herself to words.   " by cripes 1" said the old man, with a sadden exclamation, " 1 know where she's   gone, then."   "where ?"lhey all cried in a breath.   ? "why, to trodd's, o' course. where   else?   " trodd's!" echoed mrs. franoey indismay. " aya. didn't i find that youngeove's bat. and wouldn't that set bet goln' ? whatelse'd   keep her out?"   " by jebosodhit 1 i never thought of that i believe you're rfoht/'satd durtisland. "she eent for me, no doubt to go with her.". > , .   "trodd'si" echoed mrs. francey again. "that dreadful lobo may be there. .gracious heavens j if it ib true, godlmowawbatmay not have happened toiler," ; -m i   " vorkey'siiabvl do believe," aald burtis land again. " the fact of hersendingiorme and then for him, shows it shetnust have gone aiona. ill tide over tbereot once-min or no rain." . ? <   mrs. francey,. iremwing.liid beriace in bar h"h'1 ' 4r'... *- sii: ?   "oh, jlr. burtisland, if «0»britil lobo should be there. jsiretnbui to think what may have happened to iter.', heaven protect m ddul" ?? ''i*   . "keep«'«toat iieaitj cmrt.-frtuioey," .said the trooper, encouragingly;;^!!!! tide jsvu thereat on pe, and if . she'a titers   slid toiogher bfcek in^no tim& jea «ad   eteri9da«top<with iribs,f»&cc7l;^t9jh   care of her and tlie store till i rnmt7 " mind you don't leave her for a is »ack   " vmimi i ,'on are'" feturne<i peter rw,i   you ii have a wet ride. have a .1i,/ °cyle* you go." u>e a '"p afore   the storm had in nowise ahnt»i ,   be off at once," said burtisland ,«£'.. 111 his long macintosh. "if there's ln» "8 011 going on, i'll stop it." e a a°y viliai)y   lie was going out, when a vit.i^ n .   ightmng obliged him to stop u£mh,®! lowed by a peal of thunder twl 88 f0'" rock the ground. the liuu ®ee,ued to   stricken. at that moment the ^°°(l °we"   buret violently open from the opt8ide°n jas   dripping, haggard figure with and a   arms, blundered wildly in and eteh?d face, \orkey sprang with neatnaiiif 1 . ler the hour-bags. peter doyle nm? t lnd   b 8t!a^ . p in 8ndden tear fcs17!?   grasped the intruder rouehlv hv .i,« ftlaland and exclaimed, roiwu|y «y the shou/der   "lobo 1"   ,ikf 5°?® wfoundeci beast. °u the gabriel lobo, i arrest you fnr ft,   tempted murder of john ducdale nhm® *t known as yorker, and for th* ?ther*we murder of arnold golfc" euspected   mere words'? ma*j0/ ^rma, for that spectral face and thaurimiintt ^ it was only of them he could"hff ^   jlurtisland thrust him off   ssfsa^-^a^jfe   "nothe'comevofctexf "a"°thet   p *'£*e' y5?u black-hearted,cussed, mur.lcrin*   portigee varmint p ?rowled yorkey, threaten'   r'^-n'r ,evell?4 p«tol. "ill torment v «., | i've to drive a 'ole through vou ! «a.v!i "4 j° fof tearter all, you seer" i didti t do lor me 1" echoed lobo meaningly. 101 mc 1 echoed lobo   time"*' cu881"°u! yout game was spoilt that «,tsinesiiratno,d oolt!"said   "go!t!"he_murublel "that skeleton there in the torest it grinned at me it poin ted its long finger. the dead has raised   itself against me.   vf. bkelington i" exclaimed yorker quickly. " in the forest?" '   " it's mine. i put it there years ago: and now it has come back to haunt me. oh'   «e»i® a*yay ; *or god's sake take it away '"   lies loony," said peter doyle, almost' in a whisper. lies gone clean mad."   lobo relapsed into mumbling, hidiii" his face. uurtisland handcuffed him. °   "(iabriel lobo,"he baid again,"i arrest you   for murder.   "murder!" he muttered. "yes, it was murder; and now it has come back after all these years. take it away ! take it away '"   " oil, mr. burtisland," said mrs. francey with a bhudder, "ask uiui about llouncc. lie may tell something."   " what has become of miss francey ?" he   asked sternly.   "francey? no, that is not the name," he answered, wildly. "it's golt-jem tiolu years and years ago."   "jem golt!" exclaimed yorke.v, with a startled oath. "cuss me! what does he   mean ? "   "my daughter ! what can have become of her ?'* cried poor mrs. francey,   " i'll find out if it takes me a year," said burtisland, excitedly. "he seems to have lost his seases altogether; but we've got liim now, and we'll keep him. he's evidently come from trodd's, and something has taken place to frighten him. i'll go over there at once, it won't take long. you'd better go inside, mrs. francey. and you, peter and jem, you look after the prisoner till i come back, and see that he don't escape. i hold you responsible for him. wait. i'll put a pair of handcuffs round his ankles. then ne'll be safe enough."   " i'd like to go with you to trodd's." said yorkey. " i-think as we'll find somethiu' on the road as i.know somethin' about."   "all right. come if you like. get one of mrs. francey's horses from the stable."   yorkey went out, but returned in a moment   with a scared face.   "i say," he cried. "there's her horse in the stable saddled and bridled, and muck   from head to foot"   " itoance's horse !" said the widow, trem b,ink- . , i   " aye, he's there sure enough, aud covcrea   with mud and dirt."   bnrtisland hurried out   "it's tine .enough," he said, on re-enter ing. "the horse must have gallo|m*il back during the st6rm. i never heard him come past. thebridle's broke. she tied him up; that's what it is, and the storm frightened him, and he pulled back and came home by ?himself. miss kounce must be safe some where, or )>e wouldn't have been tied up.   "oh, heavens! 1 hope so!"   "i'm sore of it. his feet and legs ore covered with" yellow clay like that over at trodd's. he's come from there. he knows every inchof tue road, and broke away and galloped borne. that's what it is. ^ ou take him, yorkey. shove another saddle on "'® no, stay, keep the side-saddle on.   for miss llouace, and you can manage with   it"   a few words of encouragement to mrs. francey, and bortisland rode oft wiw yorkey following. the storm was over, ana when the clouds parted, the   approaching the fa", lighted up the track, over which the water was running fetlock deep: the horsemen made their way in tne   direction of trodd's. 1   they rode in silence, the footing w«8«»' certain.«d they had toftvoidslipperjplacw   allot a sudden both pulled up. jhglt"> front ofthem, aeross the track,   ments of«» shattered and ft human akrietott^idembered^»||^»feen op.   "ive tound h out epfttl," cried yorkey. .'thatwem oolrt body.as bure aslma   livte' man. tiat body's »>een bidi n tig   tree for over seven years, and the lightning   id b1?ru«u»a. . ..itsn. iman tb.t lb^   lit t   <>£<.   " aye. i've known it all the time,   never was surejbf 1- w»a dose a ^ whenuarasdonetothetimber^here. 11 gee   shot flwu^^, (i got up. t   iataw»edlwti«e*t»ndin, f«i i hell tbatcos^lw««w*^oi bfr "'fifall hell   were ertwbim>   s^iedcmeltl lookadskad ^ aarched, b   i'^st}^£« '«tboritim °£   this f'«aed eburttaland fieroelf. . ret   :?i whatabooldh then   couldn't floi nothiil.   ,-vc made him pay for it i portended as i^cn it done, and made bun pay me to j* "\t quiet, meanin' all the time to find out wbat he d done with the body and bring it "^.'whattinade him pay you for seven   yc*l'isevcn years ! no, i never cast eyes on ?tie l'ortigee agen till about a month ago. he «mit away after be done it, and i never saw wm seen till i met him here.   bortisland eyed yorkey narrowly. _   " we'll have to'speak about this again, be said sternly. " we'll leave this thing here for the present"   "nobody 11 move it, answered \orkey. " wait a second. i want to hev a look at it."   they dismounted, and bent over the   b*» look here," said yorkey, after fingering   the bones. "see that rib smashed right in two. the bullet must have gone in there. it went upwards-see that mark. by cripes 1 there it is in the back- bone. that's plain enoueh he was shot isn't it?"   "i'll take that bullet, said the police officer. "it's enough to hang the tpan who fired it. now, co'uie on. we've got to look after tbe living."   they remounted and rode on. the sky had grown clearer, and when they reached tbe brow of the hill yorkey called out,   " there's a regular flood."   a strong stream was carrying down logs and brandies, and the flat was under water, and tbe but was surrounded.   "that's a tidy flood," observed yorkey. " there must have been a stiffiah bit ot rain   up in the hills."   " come on," said burtisland. " if we're to do anything, we haven't any time to lose. i expect the bridge will have been carried away. i don't see anybody moving in the camp, but if she's over there she'll have hard work getting across."   the huge log that served as bridge had dis appeared altogether, and there was no means of crossing.   "hullo! look here," exclaimed burtisland. his trained eye had noticed something uattering in the moonlight on a low bush near at hand. "a bit of lining," he said, holding ic up. "it's a piece torn off her babit-i know the colour. she's been here, after al). this is juat where the bridge was. i guess she must bave crossed. she may be on the other side now."   " try a cooey," suggested yorkey.   they cooeyed, but obtained no response.   " i ciin't make it out," said burtisland, after listening for some time. "she must be somewhere in the camp, unless that lobo   . no; no, it isn t possible," he con tinued hastily. " she must be somewhere. i'll try again."   "not a sign,"said yorkey disappointedly, after cooeyiug again. "what's to be done now?"   they waited in silence for a short time.   "look there. what's that?" cried the trooper, pointing to a dark object on the water which came down with tbe flood, and passed by.   "its her hat," cried burtisland in a gtnrtled voice. "good heavens! can she lave been overtaken by the flood? "       chapter xiii the flood.   chapter xiii.   the flood.   llounce was crouching on the ledge of rock by the side of her lover, clasping his hand.   the cave was lighter now that the air had cleared outside and the moon was shining. sbe rose to her feet, and as she stepped down to the floor she discovered that water had flooded the cave. sbe looked round with a scared face.   the river must be rising, and what shall i do ? i cannot leave bim, and i have not the strength to carry him away. arnold! arnold! what shall 1 do? what bhall i do?"   she looked round perplexedly.   " i must think," she murmured wildly. " god would not have let me rescue him from that man only to lose him now. no, no. i will save him; but bow ? oh, if i could only bring him to."   she placed both hands on the heart of the sleeper with some wild thought of warming it back to life. she bent down and scooped up some water in the hollow- of her hands, and dashed it in his face. she called to him pleadingly, then loudly. she shook him; but all in vain. he made no movement-gave no token of lite. all at once she stopped and uttered a low cry.   " the water is comiag in. it's growing deeper."   a black tide eddied and swirled noiselessly round her. the lower bpura of the rocks   were hidden from view.   "oh, heavens ! we shall be drowned."   at that moment a faint cooey came to her ears, ami she started forward with a joyful cry. liut only to drawback again with a strange shrinking. "no, no,"she muttered. " better anything than that. it is he come back again. i will not give arnold up to him. better death than trust to his mercy. my love! my love! we con only die   together."   she waited in an agony of indecision, listening intently.   a second cooey came to her ears.   "lie will kill him," ehe murmured. "i have baved him once. i will not give him qp. the water may not come any higher, and he cannot get to as. i will not answer. better anything than trust to him."   she waited againtcrouching beside the un conscious man. the tide swirled against   the jagged edges of the rock, rising elowly higher and higher. it touched the nnder tide of the ledge on which arnold lay. the nearer peril drove all thought ot the remoter danger from her bead. she made her way through the water to the opening ot the cave, and uttered a piercing   cooey." it was heard, for on answering shout came back to her. lobo or not, ahe was desperate now. only one thought was in her mind-to get arnold away before the. flood should extinguish the laat feeble spark °| hfe. she gazed down the rusbitraekpanse ot water, and a cry of joy bant from her nps, ior by ttie light of the moon sbesaw two ngures approaching, and soon afterwards rcooguised burtialand andyorkey. ;   liiey were on the same aide of the stream m she was, but between them was a wide .wtcaof backwater.   above the rush of the flood ahe heard unrtisland say, *   stop where yon are, i will come 4o you.". arnold!" she screamed. ?;   evidently did not hear her. - he made a   to rotes tire her.aud then   "amow j" «he screened again. it would thi!!"?, .both" of the rescurera sbe felt. and \vtfk not know her lover was-there   idea^of .ahowing thom what eant, she turned hack to tnecave, and   i * ***vi   b*it »ta*i the motion   tts form and rf»m*<d u- tbkhwh tbe water   a msave. tbejnoonlight hat eaabe staggered out >eboufcas"he caught #ight   ."fife   ocas   fall umn i   fe'slb'si'   "is he alive?" he asked. " yea ! oh, yes.*'   # "i'll take him then. come on. there isn t a moment to lose. it's getting deeper every second. let him float on the water.   so, 111 hold hia head up. now, you keep next to the rocks and hold on to my belt."   " i'll take his arm this aide. i am strong. i   can-"   "no, no; leave him to me. look after yourself. there ian't a moment to lose. quick! quick!"   " heaven protect us !" cried the girl. and   ^ e 'cc-cold waters were about them. j hey had succeeded in getting half-way across, then safety seemed assured, when the girl stumbled. she tried to recover herself. burtisland made a snatch at her as she was on the point ot falling, but in doing so he slack ened his hold ot the unconscious arnold, who was torn (rom his grasp and whirled away by   the (lood,   , " wait here," said burtislnnd. " perhaps it is not too late. we may get him yet"   at that moment a cooey from down stream came to their ears.   "it's yorkey," cried burtisland. "wait   here."   he rushed off, and rounce, weak aa she was, followed. athe bend of the river they found the old fossicker atoopirjg over the   form of arnold golt   " i follered him down when i seed him carried off. he got caught in that snag there, and i got him out. it was nigh aa a toucher for him ; as close a thing as ever i see."   "oh i be is not drowned. say he is not dead !" cried rounce.   "not him," answered yorkey. "ile'll come to, never fear."   "here. let me come," said burtisland. " i know what to do with him. lift bis head up. there. rub him as hard as yoa can, miss rounce. see if you can light a lire, yorkey."   " everything's so wet, i don't think i can." " there's dry twigs under that rock. look sharp. don't waste time. by jove! i've got a flask with me. that's lucky."   a cry of joy broke from rounce, who was rubbing the limbs of the drowned man. they were cold and bloodless, but they had lost their rigidity.   burtisland's long bush experience had taught him what to do in cases of drowniug, and he employed all the usual restoratives. at first it did not seem as though he would meet with success, for no movement, no sign of life, rewarded his efforts. but he per severed, and not in vain. a faint colour tinged the face of the unconscious man.   rounce could teel his heart faintly beating under her hand. bending over him in an agony ot hope and fear, she saw his eyeballs move convulsively under the closed lids, as though they turned in bis head. then he opened his eyes, and, seeing her, murmured faintly,   " rounce."   " thank god ! oh ! thank god," exclaimed the girl fervently. " he has to come again."   by that time-yorkey had succeeded in mak ing a fire, and burtisland carried the resus   citated man to it   " there's a blanket strappedon mysaddle," be said to yorkey. "the macintosh will have kept it dry. go and get it. we must take off his wet clothes. your coat and waistcoat are pretty dry. give them to me." i   rounoe turned away whilst her lover's wet clothes were been taken off. when she came back he was wrapped in burtisland's blanket and yorkey's coat and vest   "we must keep him warm," said the trooper. "his own clothes will dry soon. but you'll take your death of cold, miss rounce. come close to the fire."   "oh, never mind me. only think of   him."   they made a second fire, and placed poor arnold between the two. soon the warmth and the brandy burtisland administered exercised a palpable effect upon him. the colour tinged nis face more and more, his breathing became stronger. but it was a long time before he opened his eyes again. when he did so, he said feebly,   "where am it"   "safe, arnold, sate," answered rounce, with a heartfelt rash of tears. _   " but how did i come like this?" he asked faintly.   " the river-you got carried away by the flood," she answered tearfully.   he evidently did not understand, for he asked again, " what place is this !"   "trodd's."   "trodd's!" a sudden light flashed into his eyes. " ah! now i remember. that lobo, poor jem's murderer, where is he ? did i kill him?"   in her turn she did not understand him. she thought he was wandering.   "hash, arnold. don't talk about him now. when you are stronger i will tell yon all. lie back now and rest you must not talk too much."   he looked so emaciated, so pallid, so dif ferent from the arnold of old that the poor girl feared that the life so miraculously brought back might slip away from her. she withdrew into the shadow, and watched him with tearful eyes as be lay quietly there in the bright firelight then his lips moved, and she came forward and bent over him.   "poor jeinl" he muttered. "i'll avenge you at last."   "he's wandering," exclaimed the girl in terror, . " . . ,   she hastened over to where burtisland was standing, turning the drying garments to the fire. " ....   "i've sent yorkey to cuttrissa for the waggon," he said. " he can't ride in his condition. it'll be here in an hoar. we can't do anything till it comes, except keep him warm and give him plenty of brandy."   " he's wandering," exclaimed rounce.   " never mind, that's nothing. i'll give him some more brandy. it'll keep life in him till we can get him to cattrias's,'   when he came back he asked her how sh« had found him. roance told him of all she h&daeen; and undergone in the cave, and of the mysterious trance in which arnold must have lain so long.   " by the lord harry, i can't believe it! yon w»»» to tell me that he could have stopped like that for alt this time without eating-without moving--almost without livinjr?" ' _ , _   " yes, it -most be so. i know it he never moved all the time i was there. and look how he is changed. look how fearfully thin he is."   "it's impossible," said burtisland. "i never heard of such a thing before. what broughthim to, then?"   = " i don't know-how can i tell ? perhaps the shock of the water-perhaps because he was nearly drowned. but he must never know-nobody must it would terrify him all hia life if he knew ot it" ' '   "yon will have to tell it him some time.'   \- "ka he mast never know. i will tell him i found . him in the cave with lobo, lying there-drugged." _   the ®ol ioe offioer could not repress an ex clamatlon of admiration. , ? .   yon must never breathe a word of what i have told you," continued, rounoe eagerly. "give me four bolcmn word that iron won t   even my mother mustn't know. it is too horrible. it would terrify her out of her life.   and arnold must never hear of it as long as   he lives."   " i shan't say a word, believe me. i can't credit it i'm inclined to believe he teas drugged."   they carried on their whispered colloquy for some time away from the fire at which arnold lay. when the clothes were dry burtisland wrapped them about his patient, and then tbo two awaited the arrival or yorkey with the waggon.   arnold stirred uneasily once or twice, and itounce took up her position by his side, lie opened bis eyes as she leant over him, and feebly stretched out his hand. she took it in hers ; a faint smile flickered across his face, and his eyes closed again.   the moments fled, and bounce sat with her lover's hand in hers. arnold had sunk to bleep. at first the girl sat patient and watch ful ; but gradually her feara became aroused. that sleep, could it be the same as the terrible one from which he had but just awoke? she feared to disturb him, and yet she trembled. lie blept bo quietly, so fixedly, that her fears grew strong, and she beckoned   to burtisland.   "look i " she whispered. "shall i wake him ? do you think he might go off again   like ?   she could not finish, but the shudder she gave was sufficient to show what she meant.   " i don't know," he answered, startled in his turn. " perhaps it would be best to wake him. the waggon can't be long now.'   she shook the sleeper gently. there was no response. seized with terror, bounce cried loudly, " arnold, arnold and shook him again more violently. at that moment the sound of rapidly-advancing wheels broke upon their ears.   " the waggon at last!" cried burtisland in   tones of relief.       chapter xiv recovery.   chaptee xiv.   recoverv.   mrs. francey already knew from yorker of the discovery of arnold, and something of his condition, and had everything prepared for his reception. her first care, however, was for her daughter. the girl, slipping down from her horse, bedraggled and torn, threw herself into her arms.   "oh, mother, mother!"   " oh, rounce ? how yon have terrified me! what could have led yoa to venture alone into that terrible place ? "   all immediate dancer over, the girl's feel ings gave way utterly, and she dung to tier mother in a passion of hysteric weeping. :   " there, there. hush, my child. i am not angry. see, they are carrying arnold in. you must go to bed at once. come."   she kissed flounce tenderly, and drew her into the store. as mother and daughter en tered flounce involuntarily started, for there, guarded by peter doyle and jem davis, was gabriel lobo, handcuffed and bound, lying huddled ap in one comer. for a moment she caught bis gleaming eyes fixed upon her, and then she turned her head away with a shudder and passed on into the littie sitting   room.   mrs. francey had a bed for arnold there, and yorkey and burtisland were undressing him. the two women passed on into their own room. there the widow helped rounce to take off her wet garments, and kissing her tenderly, left her, thoroughly exhausted, to fall asleep.   arnold was weak and broken. food was given him-a little at a time, and liquid only. poor fellow, it was the first he had taken for over a week. mrs. francey fed him slowly with a spoon. he swallowed eagerly what she offered him, and then fell asleep.   "i wouldn't let him sleep too long," said burtisland. " wake him up in. a short time and give him some more."   " yes; but i think bomsbody ought to go for the doctor," said the widow.   " peter or jem had better go, i'll tell them. is miss rounce asleep? poor girl, she has had a terrible night of it."   "oh, mr. burtisland, bow i have been terrified abont her! i think bhe must be asleep. she's so quiet"   she walked on tip-toe to the bedroom door and opened it a little way.   " yes ; she's fast asleep, poor child," she whispered, closing the door gently.   " that sleep '11 do her a world of good. i'll go and tell peter, and then, i think, i'll turn in myself. i'm completely flone."   "yes, go. and to-morrow morning you will tell me all that took place. i only know what yorkey told me-that there was a flood, and that rounce would have drowned only for you. i don't know how she found arnold. but, oh, mr. burtisland, receive a mother's thanks for saving my child."   " don't say anything of that, mrs. francey. i'm only too glad i was there to help."   " i shall never, never forget the debt i owe you as long as i live." i   her hand sought his, and a silent pressure told of the depth of her feelings. bartisland's tanned face hushed deeply. he was unused to emotional forms of gratitude.   "well, i'll be off, he said. "i can do nothing more. i suppose it mnst be nearly one o'clock. we've all earned our night's rest, i think. if i were you, i'd lock the door, and then you'll feel quite safe from anyone in the store. i shall have to leave him there to-night"   "lobo?"   " yes; there's nowhere else to put him. but he'll be guarded. i'm going to bring my blankets down, and camp in the store my self to-night. he won't disturb yon. good night"   " good night" ...   he went softly out into the store, and mrs. francey locked the door of the sittingroom behind him; but something seemed to strike him before he turned away, for he knocked gently at the closed door.   *4 mrs. francey!" i   " yes."   " the doctor can't be. here before morn ing, so if i were yoa i'd try to snatch a lew hoars'sleep. goodnight"   in the store mr. jem davis and mr. peter doyuwere sitting, silent and weary, on the llour^ws, guarding their prisoner. they sat up as burtisland came out of the inner   room. -   "well, boys. weve got arnold golt; but he's very bad. i want one of you to ride over to combah for the doctor."   " what i at this time o' night ?   "somebody must go. i'd go myself, but i'm regularly done. i was near drowned in that infernal trodd."   " well, i expect jem'll go," said mr. doyle. "no. jem won't," growled that worthy. " you can ride better nor me. you can go, peter."   "notme." .   "well, i won't" . .   " somebody's got to go," urged battislana.   "come, boys; you wouldn't let a man die to l save yourselves a ride, i know,"   "tell you what, jem," said peter, strucb« by a brilliant idea, " i'll play you a game of euchre who goes." "   "two out of three, satajeir.   "no, there isn't time," expostulated burtia   lft"well, then, sadden death."   they sat down tlien and there to the con test, and the police officer-tired as he was watched them. fortune declared for mr. davis, and he robe the winner.   /'i let yon win," said peter, swallowing his defeat ofter a manner peculiarly his own. "i knew 1 was the best rider, so i let you   win."   " yon let me win ! by josh ! you don't know how to play euchre no more nor a two year-old. "   " now then, no barneying," interrupted bnrtisland, "come on, peter. don't lose time. you can take tny mare ; she's saddled and ready in the stable. you needn't spare her._ come; i want to see you off."   five minutes after, the clatter of hoofs sounded on the road in front of the store, passed on to the bridge, and then were altogether lost to heating.   " i want you to stop here to-night, jem, to ioilc after the prisoner," said burtisland, when the last echoes had died away. "i'll keep you company. you stop here while i go for my blankets. i'm going to camp here,   too."   next morning mrs. francey was astir early, notwithstanding the events of the preced ing night. she awoke before the sun was up. iter first impulse was to turn to rounce, lying by her side. the girl was sleeping calmly, with a healthful colour in her face. satisfied that no ill effects were likely to result from the adventure, mrs. francey uttered a silent prayer ot gratitude, and kissing rounce gently, rose and dressed   herself.   arnold was asleep when bbe entered the sittingroom, and without disturbing him she quietly set about lighting a fire and warm ing up some broth for him.   a noise in the store apprised her that the police officer was stirring, and she unlocked the door of communication.   "good morning, mr. burtisland. why, how shocking you look. are you in pain ?"   " 1 am so, mrs. francey. it must have been getting wet yesterday. i'm racked with rheumatism. i shall have to go and lay up."   he could not help groaning as he spoke.   " i am so sorry. and it was in saving bounce. go home at once and get. to   bed."   "i must. i'm not fit for anything like this. i shall have to leave the prisoner here," he continued, a spasm of pain crossing his face, " at all events for a day. i couldn't ride over to ballan to save my life, racked like this. jem davis and some of the other boys will guard him. he won't do any harm."   " i don't mind him in the least leave him here. all i want is to see you get to bed and doctor yourself."   "it's all i'm fit for just now. i'll go. fve already spoken to jem. he and yorkey '11 watch the prisoner for to-day, and perhaps you'll see that he gets something to eat."   " yes, of course i will."   " that's all, then," said burtisland, clap ping his hand to his shoulder with a wry face. " i'll lay up for to-day, and get well rubbed   down."   he went limping off, and mrs. francey continued her household duties. just then rounce came forth, bright-eyed and eager; and, as though touched by some magnetic influence, arnold woke and stretched out his arms towards her.   " rounce!" "arnold."   she kissed him tenderly, but he looked up in her face confused and wondering.   " where am i ? what has occurred ? " he asked. " this is-yes-it's the sitting- room, and there's your mother. ah ; now i know. i was nearly drowned. you told me so. yes; i remember now-that lobo-that murderer-where is he ? "   "hush, arnold, hash. he is safe-a prisoner."   i remember it all now," exclaimed the invalid, excitedly. " i found it all out-he murdered poor jem. i heard him say so that old man, what's his name ?-yorkey. yes, i overheard it all; and then i forget everything."   " i will tell yon all when you are better, dear arnold."   " no, tell tne now, rounce. why am i like this ? was it through lobo? "   " ye-yes," she answered, hesitatingly.   "bat how? i remember i tried to kill him when i heard about jem. how could he nearly drown me ? "   " he kept you-in a cave at trodd's, dear arnold-drugged."   " in a cave ! drugged!"   "yes."   " for how long."   " i don't know quite. but it must have been for over a week.   " who found me then v " i did, dear arnold."   " you, rounce !-you?"   " yes," cried the girl, shedding tears of joy. " he said you had gone away and taken all the gold with you. but i didn't believe it, and i went over by myself and found you lying in a dreadful cave-drugced. then the ilooa came down, and you were almost drowned."   "i don't understand," be said wearily. " and you saved me, rounce. you ! my brave girl! he might have murdered me but for you."   he was silent for a long time, evidently trying to piece together the disconnected links of memory, but when he spoke again it was on a different topic.   " roance, i don't know what could have come over me, but i seem to forget every thing. tell me, dear, did we-did we quarrel ?"   " oh, that is all past, .arnold. no, no; it was me. i was proud and foolish."   " but tell me," he persisted. " did we?"   "only ft little, arnold. it was nothing." he took her band tenderly ill his, and kissed it before replying.   "i seem to remember having leit you with everything broken off between us," he answered confusedly. " but i was mad-i wasn't myself somehow."   " don't think of it, deat arnold. it was nothing. it is all past and gone."   "i hope so," he murmured. "yes, it must be bo." - .... ,   " see," said the girl more lightly. mother has got your breakfast ready. you are to drink every drop of this broth, arnold. you mustn't leave a spoonful."   " you give it to me, rounce."   " ob, how lazy you are growing," she ex claimed, with an attempt atgaiety. " if you'll promise to takeit all, i will."   "aim" he answered, with a whimsical gleam crossing his face. " goodness me i i feel as if i could eat a horse."   \ arnold," she «aid, after a pause, feeding him in the prettiest manner possible, " did you write me a letter ? "   "a letter-when?" , * " before-before-since i saw you the last time, after we quarrelled, you know." .   "write you a letter 1 no. what-makes you abb?" , ? ' * '   the spoon jingled slightly against the basin of broth, butflhe turned the question aside quite composedly. ^   "oh, nothing. only i thought you might have done, yon know. you used to write to me bometlme8 before."   he looked at her curiously, evidently not understanding her, but she continued,   " that's very good of you. you've taken it all. you'll soon get better it" you are as obedient as that always. it wab beautiful broth, i know. there's nobody can make it like mother. you deserve a gold medal, mother, and when arnold gets better he shall   give you one."   something in her words seemed to arouse some memory in arnold, for he suddenly eat up in bed and exclaimed   " by heavens! the gold! i forgot it what has become o£ it? there was over 200   ounces   bounce uttered an exclamation. she, too, had forgotten all about it; but now she re membered that when lobo tied he dropped   the " shammy" bag, and went off without   it   " it was in the cave, arnold. i saw it, and lie went away without it. it muat be there still. oh, no, the flood ! i forgot. it must have been carried away. poor arnold ! it muat be   lost."   "lost! the earnings of months all gone !" "never mind, dear arnold. vvecan afford to lose it now you are sale. it i3 nothing,   after all."   she set herself to console him, and mrs. francey discreetly retired, but at that moment the sound of hoof-strokes stopped in front of the store, and immediately after wards mrs. fraacey returned accompanied   by the doctor.   " so this is the patient," said the latter quietly-a thin, keen-looking man, with a curiously low voice. " nearly drowned, you say, and been without food for eight or ten days. a curious case, though he doesn't look very bad. now, i muat ask you ladies^to leave me alone with him for five minutes."   when he had finished his examination he   delivered his verdict   "there is great emaciation and debility, and a remarkable disturbance of the cir culation. but its nothing but what care and good nursing will overcome. there is abso lutely no fear. the young man seems to have a wonderful constitution, and i have no doubt a week or two will put him to rights. there's really nothing for me to do. good nursing and feeding, and keeping quiet, are all he needs. the brain is excited, thou»h it's nothing of an alarming nature has he received any 6udden fright, do you know-or   shock of any kind 1"   "i have no doubt he has," answered mrs. francey. "that dreadful man i told you about kept him in a cave, dragged, for over a   .. drugged 1 i shouldn't have thought so," he answered, thoughtfully. " there are none of the usual symptoms."   " my daughter knows more about it than anyone," returned mrs. francey. "it was   she who found him."   something in bounce's warninggaze stopped the doctor in his inquiries.   " i'll have another look at him, and perhaps miss bounce will tell me exactly the circum stances under which she found him. no; she bhall tell me out on the verandah," he continued, rising. " we mustn't alarm the poor fellow by whispering too much. if you <1 btop with him, mrs. francey, i dare say he'd   be more composed."   he could see that the girl had something to confide to him, and in this way managed   to meet her wishes.   when they were outside rounce hurriedly related to him all the particulars of arnold's strange condition that she had been, a wit ness to. she told him of her lover's long trance, of the curious gestures she had seen lobo perform, of his unreasoning terror, and of the strange chain of circumstances that had led to arnold's recovery. ....   "i was frightened to tell it to anyoody; it is all so horrible," she said, when she had finished her recital. " the police officer and myself ate the only ones who know it besides yourself. i wouldn't tell my mother ; it would frighten her to death. and, above all, poor arnold must never know of it so i told   them i had found him-drugged."   the doctor had listened silently and atten tively to her. he had only uttered a word now and again, asking some pertinent ques   tion.   "quite right," he said at length. lou are quite right to keep it from them. it ia a strange story, and i can hardly credit it. describe to me again his condition."   rounce did so, the doctor listening as attentively as he bad done before.   "what does it all mean?" she asked anxiously, when she had concluded.   "it means only one thing-mesmerism," he answered, thoughtfully. _ "that man lobo, i think you called him-must bu a mesmerist, and one who knows very little about it i can tell you that, little as i know about electro-biology mysel f. you wouldn t understand me, my dear, if i were_ to try and explain, and indeed the whole thing is not   eroperly understood. it has been proved,   owever, that what is called hypnotic sleep   may be produced, and a state of suspended animation follow, due to the disturbance oe the cerebral circulation." .... , ,   "isthat what arnold had? she asked   wonderingly.   "no, it must have gone further. there must have been a condition of what is called injiibition, which means that the nervous centres stay their vital impulse. assimila tion, wear and tear of the tissues, are at a standstill, and the vital current is at its lowest possible ebb, just sufficient to keep life in the body. you won't understand all this, my dear; but it's a kind of magnetic sleep. the sleeper is unconscious oi light, his sensory impressions being quite loat, lie is also insensible to pain-in fact, insensible to all his surroundings. a knife might. be run into him, and tie wouldn t feel it i he muscles become rigid, and remain stiff until released, the pupils enlarge, the eyes open more widely, and the eyeballs protrude. they may even turn in the head."   " yes, yeb; that was it," said the girl, in a terrified whisper. ' " , ? .   " yes; but it must have gone further "even than that" continued the doctor, thought fully. "the young man couldn't have.re mained eight' days like that a state of lethargy must have supervened-what is known as 'ecstasy.' from all you tell me, he must have remained in a state of actual coma for over a week. it is a curious case a very curious one. i cannot explain it to you fully until i consult what authorities we   ha'm3at that spectral thing that terrified lobo   so-what was that!" bounce asked, btill   fearing.   "that i cannot wholly explain. but the man must have "worked his brain up to an abnormal state of excitement ane very fact of his; being «me to mesmerise shows that it is of unusual power. \ ou say you saw him on two occaaiow glaring at nothing and muttering to him«b, .®8 thoush he saw a ghost. i dare w lie thought, toe   did. if tne brain is   cited, it playa strange tndtg*"   lay much stress on tue vw*' t . he saw ghosts or <»*««? shapes, or whatever u be diseased." . #"   "yes, it must « with a shudder. (./k   the very tact of his rushing into the store in the way your mother told me he did, and giving himself up, shows that his brain ia not all right. he must have been simply ^mad with terror. a man in that state might   see a dozen ghosts a day, and still it wouldn't prove that there are ghosts. no, the ones he saw were conjured up by his own bad   mind."   " it is all so strange, i cannot understand it," said liounce, after a pause. can any one live for over a week without eating? i can hardly credit it. surely, doctor, arnold mubt have had something or he would have   died."   ' i don't think so-not in the state he was in. all the vital principles would be stayed. life would only be, as it were, smouldering. uesides, even in cases where there is no coma, instances have been known of life being maintained for even longer periods. i remember one or two well-authenticated cases. in a place called enfield wash, in kngland, a young girl of 18 was locked up for " 28 days with no food but a gallon of water.   at the expiration of that time she was able   rlnu-n a shutter and escape. iter   name was elizabeth ca.nu ing, and the case is auoted in the mcdiccil uazcttc. v e have instances, too, of miners being confined 111 coal mines and surviving tor 23 days. but ft is no good niv tell ins you nil this, my dear ; it will hara* interest vou. 1 should say, though, that from the best ayitheu ticated cases of prolonged abstinence from food, 1 nrmlj believe that life may be main tained almost up to two months. 1'ou must excuse a doctor's garrulity. « eu co inside and have another took at the patient."   " one word more, doctor,   said the girl, anxiously. is there, m your opinion any chance of his being over taken again inthesame way:   "i hope not," heanswered; '' but he must be kept away from miluenceof that man.   t " thank heavens ! she exclaimed, fervently.   ~a« the two moved ofl the verand.ih, the store waggon driven by old yorkey, rattled bv there was something in it covered with bags. it was the skeleton of lobo s ^ ^tim of «even vears ago-arnold a elier brother-jem golt. _   c'liaptl-.u xv.   the denouement.   tae doctor had gone, oavin" behind him assur ances of arnold's recovery : and the remainder ot the dav pc.ssed quietly. the few township people, ana euch of the miners who were in the place, congregated in and about the-store, attracted by the news of the strange occurrence* and of arnolds re-appearance ; but in com pliance with a specially - . desired wish on the part of mrs. frances-, they con tented themselves with mak ing a few inquiries ana then dispersing. . .   lobo was the subject ot much unfavourable criticism at the bands of the visitors, as they came into possession of the facts of the case, and many hearty threats and curses were directed towards him. it was generally under stood that he had kept his mate drugged in a cave ovei .it trodn'd, with the inten tion of robbing him, and doubtless m iking away with liirn altogether. when it became known that the re mains of arnold's brother bad been found, and that it could be proved that he hid ffet v-'.ili his death at the hands of the blood thirsty (j'-t, seven years a~o, ' public excitement reach >d s-j -h a point that lynching wc.s proposed by more ttiar otie indignant miner. ]i -"ever, it went no further than that, and as the day wore on the ex citement cait.ied down.   during the course of the afternoon, jiurtisland hob bied down to the store to niveau eve to his prisoner and to see arnold. he found the latter so r.vich improved that he t>h him of the strange diswery of his brother's renins, hidden bo mysterion-ly for seven years. arnold was very much moved. it was aei he bad thought-poor jem had been murdered. but now that he knew it-now that it was proved beyond a doubt-he con id not help living way to ft natural burst of borrow. equally strong was the feeling of horror and hate for his brothers   murderer.   '?he bha.ll swing for it,   be said fiercely to burtis land. "we have enough evidence to prove it against him, the cowardly, murder ing dog. and to think i was mates with him for months, and he poor jem a murderer. oh! it makes me wild to think of it. that old fossicker, yorkey, knows enough to sheet it   home to him. but lit shan't   escape. he kneir about it, and kept it silent i'jj ijjujse jiiui pay for it, too. neither of them shall escape."   "no, there you're wrong, arnold," answ> red the police officer. yorkey has told me all about it. it aeems he did not ee the murder committed. he beard the shot fired, an<l aaw lobo-ormatbias, as he called himself then-on the spot. yorkey felt cer tain that there bad been mnrder committed, but he could never find the body. he never saw lobo again until lately, and being bard up, he pretended that he had seen your brother shot in order to get money out of loho but he swears to me that be never knew anything for certain, and waa trying to frighten lobo into saying something that would pot him on the right track. he says be meant then to inform against lohn, and   prove it atwinat him-and i believe him. in the meantime he bled lobo, and i for one j don't blame him. " i   '"blame him, 110! 1 wish he'd taken liia shirt oiy his buck," exclaimed arnold fiercely.   "old yorkey will be our most important witness," continued burtislund, "aiui we mustn't turn hira against us. '1 he very fact fo lobo'a giving him money to keen quiet is enough proof of his guilt, not taking into ac count nil the other things we know. he's sure to hang for it."   lie was moving away when arnold called   him back.   " you don't know anything about the gold we got from the claim ?" he asked. " llounce says she saw him with it and he dropped it but he may have it on him, or some of it, at all events. she may have made a mistake. there was over two hundred ounces. has be been searched 1"   " no."   "but he may have it on him, and it's mine-a hundred ounces of it"   "i'll see if he's got any, "answered burtisland. i in the store the murderer wns lying   crouched up in the same position he had i been in all day. bound hand and foot, pale, ! cadaverous, bloody, and covered with dirt, the j baffled villain wns a terrible object to look j   bttrti8land made a snatch at her a3 she was ok the poittt op falling, but in doing so he slackened hts hold op the ttnconsctous arnold, who was torn from his orasp and whirled awat bt the flood."-chap. xiii. -   at. his unshaven cbin bristled with a scrubby growth, his eyes were hollow, hie face leaden-coloured. he had lain huddled up, hardly stirring, from the moment he had been roughly thrown there by his captors ; his eyes had never closed, but gleamed with   a crafty watch iulness. ;   jem davis and peter doyle, acting as tem porary guards, were seated on the flour-bags, engaged in cribbage. they both pat down the cards as burtialand entered irom the bittingroom.   "jem," be said, "i want you to eearch the prisoner. i can't bend down; i'm so bad   with rheumatism."   "what for?"   "to see if he has any gold about him."   " is that lor?" asked the cautious mr. davis. "yes, yes," answered liurtisland im patiently. " it belongs to arnold golt the prisoner has robbed him of hia ebare of what they got."   " barn me if 1 like to touch him," said (lie sensitive mr. davis. it gives me a turn to look at him, lot alone to handle him. he won't have nny gold about him, sure."   "search him. he may have. miss kounce baw him with a bag in the cave where she   found him."   a slight start and movement on the part of the prisoner showed that trie police ofiicer's words had not passed unnoticed by bim. for i the first time since his capt ure he opened his   lips and epoke. it was pitifully-almost humbly-that lie asked   " was she in the cave?"   burtisland could not, refrain from the triumph of answering him.   "she was, you murdering villain. it was i she rescued him from you."   lobo raised himself on his elbow with n   strange eagerness.   " that face, then, was hers."   "silence," interrupted hurtisland, more ! roughly still. "every word you say will be j used against you. your schemes have failed, i arnold golt has escaped you, yorkey has escaped you, and the dead lias come to light   after seven years to hang you. gabriel lobo, i   : you are accused of murdering james colt, | who disappeared seven years ago."   i it was all over, then. the living had   escaped him, the dead had risen against him. i he made no answer, but with one awful   j shudder sank back into his crouching: posi   tion on the floor.   ; "search him, jem," said burtisland, i briefly.   mr. davis bent down over the prostrate lobo, who neither stirred nor offered a   remark.   "there's a bag here," he said, thrusting his hand inside the prisoner's shirt and pulling out a small "shammy"bag. "there'sgold in this-about 20oz. i should say."   "i'll take it, then. it belongs to arnold.   jb that all?"   " aye, that's the lot there's nothin' more, exceptin' this book. it's*a rum un. portigee, i suppose. it ain't english."   "giveit me. i'll lake charge]of it," said   jjnrtislnnd, patting it into his pocket "i'm poing home, boys, to got rubbed down," lie continued. "i'm that bad i can hardly stand. mind you look after thnt man properly until 1 can take charge. i'll be back before night, and sleep here. but you are responsible for him, mind. '   " oh, he'll be all right," growled peter doyle. " he's got the darbies on his legs, lie can't move. come on, jem; i'll give you another pome of crib."   lnte in the evening, ft message en me down from liurtisland, to the effect that he was so ill that he could not leave his bed, and directing the two amateur gaolers to sleep in the store that night with their prisoner. both mr. jem davis and mr, peter doyle grumbled with great heartiness at this peremptory command, but mrs. francey seconding the police officer's direction, by declaring that she would be frightened to death if they did not stop to guard her and her household, they were persuaded to fall in with the arrange   ment   l the night set in dark and stormy. there was no rain, but a high wind rattled every thing that was moveable, and shrieked and   whistled down the single street ol cuttrina'a creek as though in a wild endeavour to tear tbe whole place down.   at ten o'clock the lights in the store and in the two rooms behind were put nut, and such quiet as the stormy wind allowed of, reigned in the building. eleven-twelve-and there was no change. the iron roof rattled ; a loose board somewhere banged noisily to and fro. a shatter opened, dickering rays of moonlight penetrated into the dark store.   one of the two gaolers raised his head,   sleepily.   " it's a rough night," he mattered. " peter, the wind's banging that there shatter open. you're nearest get up and fasten it"   a grunt was tbe only mponw.   " i ain't goiu' to do it," muttered jem, who laid his head down again.   the shatter opened inside, and did not bang or rattle. hays of moonlight entered, and fell npou tbe buddled-up figure of the   prisoner iti the corner. halt an hour passed, and the figure moved noiselessly. the head wns raised, and a pair of gleaming eyes looked warily round. all was quiet-save the wind. the head was bent down at;ain, and a faint clink sounded. then there was a curious sound-drowned by the storm-like the   itearing of cloth. then the stillness that re   mained unbroken except by the wind. the rays of moonlight entering through the open shutter shone only on the bare floor. the figure had moved. it was nothing but a black outline now, buried in shadow and almost invisible. gradually, stealthily, a hand rose up against the square background of driving cloud and bending trees visible through tne opening. the hand was followed by a bead, then by the upper part of a body. the head disappeared, the body slowly fol lowed.-aa though swallowed up by the dark ness. two knotted hands still clung to the rougb woodwork. then all at once the clink of metal-a noise as of a falling body-a loud shriek of the wind-a sudden spurt of rain a rattle of the iron roof-the creak of attain ing woodwork-and all was still.   three days after, burf island-recovered from his «.acj °, rheumatism entered the sitting-room of the store. arnold and rounce were there, seated before the (ire. the youn man s eyes were bright, his thnco ^ hjalth^ colour the emaciated and sunken features had fihedoutwor!!   *ot a trace of him "   answered the trooper throwing himself into a   " p is c,ean 6one-"   bisskd,r »»«'«»«»   and is he going to a i!ime lik^ this," cried a"]ol:l> ,excitedly, " after all he s done? by heavens ! if i have to look tor him a year i iii find him. he shan t escape me. i swear poorjemshallbeavenfed "   ilounce's face paled." as ions; as lobo was at liberjy bhe would never feel safe   about arnold.   "llow could they have let him escape !" she ex   claimed.   "the idiots! they let him get away right under their nose. onlv for that rheumatism tliis would never have occurred. it   is too bad."   "i say, burtisland,"said arnold suddenly, " have you tried trodd'a ?"   "no; that's the last place he would think of roing to. he wouldn't be so mad aa to go there. \\\ hy, it's the very place buspicion would be directed to. i wouldn't waste time going there."   "yoa don't know him," said arnold. "he'd do any thing. by jove ! i'll ride over there myself."   '* you, arnold !" cried llounce. "oh, no."   " why not ? i'm all right again, and dying to be out. ivea presentiment i shall find him there. besides, i   want to see that cavfe   where he had me drugged. if you'll g<>, burtialand, i'm go with you "   "no, no ; you must not, arnold," said rounce ear nestly. " you are not strong enough. suppose he should be there. ob, no, no; don't go."   "why, surely this can't be the girl who rescued me," said arnold, with a laugh. " what makes you so trightened ? if you can't trust me, rounce, come with us."   "if you are determined, arnold, then i will; but 1 beg of you to stop at   home."   he was not to be turned from his purpose, so the three set out on the ex pedition.   w hen they reached trodd's fhey found that the flood had gone down, though traces of it were visible on every hand. the river still overflowed its banks, and was swollen and discoloured, though it was no longer the torrent that had rushed and roared along on that night of arnold's rescue. the hut had been washed away. the bridge wa3 gone trees, eitlier struck by lightning or thrown down by the wind, en cumbered the ground on every hand.   " the shaft's under water," said arnold, crazing ncross the stream, " and the hut's washed clean away. that puts an end to trodd's as lar as i'm concerned, and 1 m not sorry for it. hi' where's this wonderlui cave. rounce ! (jome on ; take me to it."   "here. i'd better go first," said burtialand.   ' there's no knowing what   may happen." made   hitching up their dorses, mcj - their way along the foot of ilie hills in tbe direction rounce knew so well-the two men with revolvers in their hands, kounce lollowing. the water had receded and left the toot way passable. when near the entrance to the cave burtislund used more caution, and motioning his two com panions to remain where they were under cover of the undergrowth, crept quietly   ( forward.   i ah of a sudden be gave a shoot and called   | out   "arnold. hcrel"   the lovers both sprang forward, wd then ron nee recoiled with a shriek for there, close by the entrance to toe cave, lying halfin, halt-out, was stretched the dead body of gabriel lobo. across bis back and the lower part of his body w a mass of rock. the head was free, and toe   over the black void down which the unfortunate man had vanished stood a chostlt shape in thi: likeness of arnold golt."-chap. vii.   f»ce. with its long moustache and leaden features, pinned hideously.   "see," said burtislnnd in a tone almost of awe, i'-'iiuing to the overhanging rock. "that's where it came from. perhaps the storm loosened it-who tsn say ? it's n judgment. lie tried to murder yon jji this cave ; he's met nis death here. look here, ' « continued, bending down suddenly and pulling mt a distended "shammy" hag, lying half hidden jjflonpstthe tl-bria. "this i8 what he came for. we must have known that you had not got the gold rjfes, he heard me fll davis eo, and that it was m133 hounce who had frightened him. by josh! je was a daring r'uliian. ile'd know the hag was too jt&vy; to be carried away by the hood. that's what ''came for-to get the gold and then escapp. but we has been too much for him. lle'll never trouble   i us any more. the devil litis got his own at inst.   1 "poor jem's murder has be.-n avenged by a higher   hand than mine." said arnold, awe-stricken. "come, llurtislond, letuspo."   the livid face, cruel looking in death as in life, seemed to grin in derision as the two men turned silently away.   a month after the awtul death of gabriel lobo arnold and rounce were married.   lie never learnt what had actually taken place in the cave. to the last he believed that he had been drugged by the goan. rounce never told him of the mesmeric trance she had found him in. she and burtisland and the doctor were the only ones who knew it for many months after their marriage she was full oi anxiety for arnold.   lob'i was dead-kille.l, as it seemed to her, by a retributive power-and yet she feared. many a time ilurinsr the early months of her marriage did she wake up in the niplit in fear, and stretch out her band to see if her husband was still by her side and listen to his regular breathing. but as the months passed by her fears lied. in the course of time they moved from cuttriss's creek to a more important settlement nearer to melbourne.   her mother sold her store, and with the proceeds and the sum realised by the gold arnold purchased a business in the place which they made theirne w home.   and so, far away from the scene of her former terror, happy in the love of her husband and her child, the wife and mother lost her fears, and forgot them so far that they only came back to her occa sionally as a faint, if bitter, memory.        23013		the deaf mute. a convict incident of macquarie harbour   chapter none   the deaf mute.   a convict incident or hacquaric   harbour   [coi'yi:n;in\\]   the west coast of tasmania lv.ds fair to lill a "oml space in the w«>r d s hif=to.>. tasman a:.d cook sighted its pree pi*'«s . '.ill's and snow- capp-.-.! peaks ore they had anv real meaot the great t< rr,i anmruu   wiiich lay to the north, and indeed both   them di<-ii^ht it was the southern por ;:nu uf the unknown continent which was   ippased i" balance the north in the \- niliiorn h-iinisphere. in long ages past \- <; js iniuht really have bten so, and many   rnoraut c •nvicts vvh i peopled the island t the following century actually thought . ..3 did those of motany b:i> ) that china   in; reached overland. this pro niiid geographical ignorance urged more ; liaii one telou to escape, and trust to the solitude of an australian bush for free-   dom and better days. when the british   government decided to make a convict settlement of van dieman's [sic diemen's] land in 1805   the number of transportees was so great that several stations had to be formed in addi-     : .n to that of hobart toivn. i'rowi.slliv   fie different tiers, and other o:itiymg nations were established with ll-.i.ari r.nvu as :i base, but it was found that :ho more desperate of the felons managed 0 escape and attack the free settler-. ;duudering and murdering them whenever iheycouldl this caused the authorities mi seek a place where the natural difheui ^;, a to escape would '><_> practically insur mountable, and macquarie harbour, on the westcoa.5t, was se.l cted. tuis mig'.r almost, be called an inland sea. and it   •otitains numerous 3 in nil ports. tins for est timber in the vicinity waa valuable, and that was an added inducement to found a penal settlement,, as the convics c >uld be kept, employed. in 1sl<1 th'.s was done, and a numerous draft of ihe most desperate transporter wai sent to 1 lie micquarie stition. tile situation was wild and desolate in the extreme. far away to the south and west tiie rollers of the unknown s mtheni 0 -canbeat, against :iie forbidding and dangerous coast.. woe betide the vessel that siiould be driven on ih.it wall of sheer rock whence eseipe was impossible. from the coast line a dense scrub srrew broken here smd there wi:h more open patches of gigantic trees—so n2 «f valuable quality. oa rockv iieiuut* •_;rew the mournful "sheoak," (the:e ilian   irps of the bu3h), and in some places •-.iu-.nps of pine were to be found. 15:ick :vom the settlement the country sloped upwaid until in the distance rose the snow -capped peaks of zehan, h *enis ijirir, and the frenchman's cap, the lat ter towering to a height of live thousand feet. tuese ranges wure clothed witii a ve'dai t oiive.rinj; of unpenetrable forest, niiieh afforded n<i subsistence to man. tuu iireat table land, out of which jutted nrecipitous hills, and which was inter sected by narrow guili-s in which grew the dreaded bauri vine—the octnpus of the forest—rendered if almost impossible for an escapee from macquarie to reach the settlements in the south eastern or north eastern portions of van dieman's land. the very wildness and desolation   of the place caused the western station to   be abandoned within a dozen years of its establishment, but to-day it echoes to the iiuu» of human industry, and from all parts of the world the seekers, afier sud den wealth, are hocking to mount z ehan and the surrounding disuicr.. to m«c quarie harbour th'-y cotne, for while the felons toiivd, bled, and died in that wilderness a magician lay slumbering be neath the surface, which the stroke of a pick awoke to life. l11 that syl van desert probably the greatest silv« r deposits in the world lay bidden, and the mineral ricliik'rs -;f the west coast wdl s-.ion trans form the solitudes of the hush into a throbbing centre of industrial life. the locomolive will shortly rush through ihi primeval forest where many a despairing escapee slew himself by vio'.enco rather   than stand the 1 insert us agonies of death | by starvation, or the equally hurrible soli- ! tude which seemed to press on hitn as 1 though spirits of darkness encompassed hitn. the wilderness will he subdued by the motive p-nver of civilization—money —and in a few years the landmarks which tell of the old convict days will be swept away, only to he revived, perhaps, by some prosy his'oriau, who mat* choo-e to search the penal records. t'lis will not be a matter for regret, but before the sijdit. of the old penal station at 31 icquarte is swept away for ever by the transforma tion which is taking place, it will not be amiss to arouse a [ussimj iuterest by the narra'.km of a tragic event which happened there in the year 18w.   at that time there were upwards of two hundred felons at the station. tliev were supposed to be the very scum of the convicts. norfolk island settlement was not yet opened, and macquarie was male to do the hideous duty that aftt- rivards was carried out at norfolk. amongst the prisoners was h man named .michael corian (no. 8.5jj. he was in a chain gang workitj" ,,u a r>ad—ji" rather track —that was bei::g made through the scrub and bush to a belt ov pine timber. he ! had been drafted to ivl v-piarie from ho- ; hart town when the western station was   opened, and he had helped t^i put addi- ! tions to the rambling structure as they   were required. 11; had a peculiaritj' ! winch distinguished iviai from all tw other felons. lie was a <le if mute. this mi ;ht have been a blessing to him, or a curse as the case may be. he could not ji-ar the brutal language of his guard or of the prisoners, but the senses of sight and feeling were left, and that was suffi cient to make his lot intolerable. the overseers or turnkeys, in default of his capacity for hearing, enforced their orders with blows and cuffs. they were certain ly not gentle iu their treatment, and the miserable convict meekly sto>d the ill usa<re for more than three years. he was   3 "lifer." and had little hope iu the fu- i tare, li s crime—or alleged crime—ha i ; been robbery, but there was grave reason ] to think that he was not guilty of the j dlfeiiee for which lie was enduring so i terrible a punishment. he could not, of course, rend 01 write, and his trial was a   more farce. tae judiru, with p.-rh-qis 3 1 devout horror of pauperism in his mind, ; thought he was doinir his country a good service by s-.'tiding corran to van die man's laud, and as the deaf and dumb wrench had no one who cired for him his transportation to another sphere oc   c;vmoiit;d nei'hev le^ret n->r c>m;nent. a ; d«*al mute is not of much usi au_ywhere, and shooting h'tu 011 the lium 111 rubbish   heaps <»f van d.e'.na'i's l ind was the ' bust thing that could be d.me. j   corral) could not shut his eye* to the ! dreadful scenes which surrounded him. 1 an inscrutable providence hid cljsed the | avenues of sound. lie could see the j writhing and quivering wretches strung j to the triangles, but he could not hear i their agonized screams, lie had even felt the etiiig of the lash, and he knew what   they autfered. he had b-*eu ordered fifty j   lashes six months previously for a breach of the regulations, ami the spectacle he piesented when undergoing the punish ment was one the hardened and callous gaolers did itof sonti forget. corian was a in stature and strength, and as ho had b-eti a blacksmith's laborer he was nicknamed tubal cain by a facetio'is pri soner, formerly of a good position, and who had narrowly escaped the hangman for forgery. f n the beginning of <he year   18w a »ew superintendent named smith 1 (ebeiiezer smith) took charge of the mac quarrie s'a'.ion. jf ;h<\- great and numer ous family of smiths had been thorough ly at:d purposeh- searched a more ui fit ntan for the position could not have been found; cruel by nature, he was at the same time capricious. instead of a stern un bending discipline, such as was thought   !?} 1 }i(?s ' dai'5, smith indulged in [( imxysiiis of fierce cruelty, or in'(its of misplaced leiii. j cv. there was nothing equable about his ^irernmont, and coiiso^ quentiy dei i her nfl jiiia'soj-prisoners knew how to take iiim. a feeling of perpetual unrest brooded over the pi. tee, and bad nines were in store for all. from the iir.it superintendent s with lock an aver s on j<> the cjrran, and tvith a brut-d vuj^'-irirv which sat »<_>!! u^on him tile chief <hio al took a delight in torment ing the de if mute, ]r is almost needless to say that, the ex unple of the superin tendent was copied and followed by bis sub ir.lina.tcs. what iie did must be right, :iii,1 they imitated him. if the lot of no, b'j'2 u'.i3 hard before the arrival of is- iiit.il it became intolerable after his ad vent. lu a hundred ways be became the mark for the illtreatment of the oliijials, and tlie wai»t. of speech and hearing was the cause of many a brutal blow from the men who were supposed to maintain a just discipline. corrau's great strength was fully utilised by the overseer*. the hardest tasks were allotted him, and he was given work to do that really ne<*ded two men tu ncojiupli-dt. but bis pro digious powers carried him through his labours success'ully, and uncomplainingly he toiled from daylight to dark, anxious to please those who were such hard aud unfeeling task-masters.   tiieg.iti;? in which he worked consisted of eighteen convicts of a very bad typo. tliev were all life sentenced men, and seven of them h:id to serve for " the term   of their natural life,'" so that all hope was shut out from them. two escapes had been tn ide from the gang, so that the most rigorous discipline was enforced. the guard wis an unusually strong one and overs er hobb had an assistant with him. the track they had to cut was about six miles in length, and led towards tiio ranges above which towered the loftv peak of the frenchman's cap, with its c ironei of "listening snow. tlie country was ru;-,'ed and wild. deep gullies in tersected the road, and m plac.s these had lo tie bridged over in a rouuh, tem porary way. t ie bauri creeper abounded, and proved a formidable obstacle to pro gress. i; spread itself horizontally over the de.-p glens, forming a floor or roof (as th*i case might be) of tangled verdure, but it whs dangerous in the extreme. a.t times it spread out like a level teen sheet, giviugno sign of the hidden danger, but if the .vanderer stepped on it heiii^'lit drop through ti'teen or twenty feet below into the gloomy depths. if he were in jured and assistance was not at hand, nothing but a miserable death would an ait him. under thef-e growths of horizontal bauri it was sometimes possible to walk for miles in a cimmerian gloom, broken her-> and there by fitful ^jctims of sunlight. these places were in faethn<'e scrub caverns, °   on the 30ill may, 1s10. the gang in which c-.rran worked was e»jp%ed in crossing one of those bauri glens about four miles from the station. it was ona of the worst places that had been en countered on the track. on the eastern side of the gorge a steep range shot vp fully five hundred feet, and that would have to be skirted when the glen was passed. the creeping scrub in the <ror.re formed a floor about fifteen feet above the murmuring s'ream that ran and babbled below, but hidden fiom human eyes. the discipline of the chain gang had been somewhat relaxed in this part of the route, as it was impossible to keen the felons in proper position and do the work, owing to hie density of the forest. giant trees, between two and three hun d ed feet, reared themselves from the stunted scrub which encircled their base and it was on one ol those forest le viathans, that tiie deaf mute was en,ra,red it was being felled to throw abridge over the gorge, which, with some addition" would permit of the transport bem<* car ried mi. overseer ilobbs was anxious that the glen should be passed that day, and he was consequently tirgin<r the half fed felons to extra exertions. the euard appeared to be t iking matters very "easy and sat about on logs wearily watchhu' the toihug convicts. tiiey had evidently no suspicion that any attempt at mutiny or escape wotda be made. winter was fairly setting in, and nothing but sheer madness would induce a felon to take to the bush at such a time they perhaps thought. the clank, clank of the irons mingled with the sounds of the axe and the crash of the falling scrub, whilst some   t-v yards back from the gorge a hu«e crackling fire, in which the felled umber was being consumed, threw its sparks heavenwards. u was two hours after noon, aud the frugal mid-day ration had beon partaken of some time previously the tree which corran was felling was a perfectly straight one, and not a breath of air was blowing to influence the direc tion of its fall. jt had b"en so cut, how ever—the eastern cut two feet lower than the wes-ern— that it would fall in the former directicu where it was required. it was fully four feet in diameter, aud though the convict was a good axeman it took a considerable time to sever the trunk sufficiently to cause it to fall. 1 iiis was almost accomplished at half-past two, when on looking up the steep range in front of him corran saw an ominous bre z; agitating th- trees on the summit, and mowing from the no.th. ktiowiuc thai if it cn'igiit the tree he was felliu" u would throw u i„ uie wrong direction, the convict mutely drew hoblis* attention to   m*tcer ),y pointing upwards. the overseer looked and saw that a breeze w-.s blowing, but he was in a bad humor, ard besides the wind had no risiht to iu ier!«re with the operations of the system.   e in-tldlesouieness could not be toler at d, and the work mint go on. per haps tie really thought the lofty hill would shelter the tree from the wind. , ,,etl,er «r not will never be known. with a fierce oath he signed with euergetic pantomime action for" the convict to «o on with his work, and he followed it up by a siring of invectives on the stupidity of a man who would idle at *ucii a moment, when a few strokes of the axe would lay prone the forest 2iant it took more than the few blows hobbs spoke abr-nt to complete the work, and during the time the mute cast many an anxious glance at the tree tops, aud also at the guard and felons who were working   back on the track. ° j   so fat the extremely high range had kept the rising wind over the lofty summit of the gum, but gradually through every wooded avenue down the steep sides of the hills faint breezes whispered of the presence of mjius. naturally they first kissed the top of the lofty vegetation, and overseer hobbs was either so stupid or obstinate that lie could or would not hear the faint rustling of the slightly agitated leaves. it was too late now to stay the axe. as corran struct the last blow a loud crack, like the report of a guu sounded, the sylvan monster swayed for a moment like a drunken man, then au unseen but irresistible force appeared to ! st'jze it, and, as a hoarse cry of warning reverberated through the wild forest, it was almost instantly silenced by the groan ing and screaching of the tearing timber as ihe tree fell headlong in thi opposite direction to which it was intended,   i *vheu corran saw what was about to happen a horrible sound broke from him | that was only half human. a convict   working ne w, seeing the danger, gave the | alarm that the afhcted deaf mute could   not, and the gu irds and felons who were in the path of the tree lied for their lives. not a'l, however, escap d. a sentry, who had been sitting in a drowsy state oil a prostrate log, was so taken by surprise and alarmed that he actually ran right into danger, and was instui.tly killed by a liiub of the tree. a convict earned ran soine also met his death, but in a more shocking manner. he'coul l have es caped had not his leg irons caught in the tangled scrub, and he was firmly held for h. few awful moments until life was crushed out of hi in. perhaps it was best. he was one of the " natural life " men.   had the gang wished to escape at that moment there is little doubt they could have done so, for the consternation anion" the guard was great. when the tree crashed to the earth, bearing down the i lesser growth, and with deafening noise j throwing up a cloud of dust and woody   fragments, the convicts were for a moment | appalled, for they did not know how many | lives had been sacrificed, and when they [ recovered from the momentary conster j nation, lieutenant \\\ hite had them j covered with the firelocks of the five men i who had gathered round him. the felons made not the slightest move, however, and under orders the convicts set about rescuing or recovering those who had been caught by tlie tree. meanwhile cor ran stood at the stump of the tree, mutely gazing at the catastrophe. it was not his fault that the affair had happened, but there was little doubt that whatever blame there was would be placed on his shoulders. he was only a couvict, and | that was sufficient. before he had time | to obey the order which had been given, j overseer hobbs came up to him with an   i evil look in his face. hobbs was at best   a contemptible bully and petty tyrant, iie had made himself peculiarly obnoxious to the uiute through his persisteut ana unjust ill treatineut of the prisoner, thotfgh curran had meekly put up with i the persecution, hobbs, of course, well   knew that it would only be a waste of breath to abuse the deaf mute, and be was a man who never cared about wast ing anything on convict?, unless it was brutaliiy. he carried a stout stick in his hand as he approached the transportee, who silently awaited him with an enquir ing look in his expressive face, which was not yet written over with the unmistak able si;;ns with which the system marked its victims. the overseer was a diminu tive man, not more than five feet four in height, but the authority which he wielded made him feel a perfect goliah. he was a man of action, too, and when he reached the felon he raised the sap ling, and without a word began to be labour the giant before him. his excuse ni'iyht have been (out he was never called upon for it), that with ihedeaf and dumb man it was the only way tie could argue lieutenant white heard the whack of the falling blows, and he turned to see what was the cause. in justice to him it must be said that he evinced somesnrprise when he saw what was the matter. the regu lations did not provide for such treat ment by an overseer of a prisoner, al though it frequently occurred, and lieu tenant white, who had only been a few months at the settlement, was about to interfere, when he was staggered to see corran d;ish aside the stick which hobbs held, aud the next instant he seized the overseer as though he were only a poodle, and putting forth his enormous strength he flung him several yards out into the gorge and on the horizontal scrub. tne weight of the man and the force with which he was thrown broke the frail sup port, and with a muffled cry hobbs dis app ared head first through the creepers. lieutenant white instantly summoned his men to fire on corran, but before i he scattered guard could obey the mute made a jump on the bauri, and dropped through the verdant but deceptive floor of vegeta tion. white ran to the spot, but no°si<ru nor sound of hobbs or corran could be seen, and the officer at once divided the guard and convicts, so that one portion mijjht continue the work of extricating the bodies from the fallen tree, whilst the other rescued hobbs from his awkward position, and endeavored to capture the deaf mute. the work of making a pas sage into the gorge was no easy task, but the gang had good tools, and after half an hours cutting they made their way down to the ipot near which the overseer was supposed to be. he had not answered any of the calls which had been made to him, and the lieutenant concluded that he must have been stunned by the fall,   unless corran had followed up his attack ' in the gorge and slain his foe. ordering j one of the soldiers and a convict to yet torches, white accompanicd them into the gloomy dell to where hobbs had been thrown, and as tiny came near the place thev could see the outlines of a motion less body. as the torches flickered they reached the place, and found the body was that of the insensible overseer. sum moning a couple more men it was con   veyed to the open, and in the daylight! the lieutenant noticed a peculiar look in i the face ol hobbs. it was the face of a i dead man, ior the overseer's neck had i been broksn by the fall. his bruiality i had cost him his life, aud the system had j claimed another victim. after doing what could be done for the inanimate bodies, white ordered the strictest search to be made by four of the guard for the inissinc   convict, but after an hour's auest they j returned unsuccessful, and the whole partj. at once set out for the station carrying with them on improvised biers the bodies of the deid men. when the mat ter was reported to superaitenda-.it smith he smiled a grim smile, which spoke volumes as to what was in store for the de if mute should he fall into the hands of the chief official, aud next morning a   s r jiig party was despatched to search the forest for the fugitive. smith even went so far as to promise a substantial reward if success crowned their efforts and indeed he offered to use his influence to obtain a free pardon for any convict who might by word or act aid in the cap   ture of the unfortunate deaf mute. for '   a fortnight the search was maintained j   with unabated vigor, but not the slightest | trace of the escapee could be found, j those best acquainted with the district j were certain that con an had perished   in the bauri gorge, and as time wore on ;   other matters arose to engage the atten- ^   tion of the authorities, and the fate of the j deaf mute ceased to interest any body.   * « • « • •   dining 1819 the protestant chaplain or religious instruct ar as he was called at macquarie station, was the rev. john roden. he was a man of kindly heart, and altogether unfitted through that rea son for tins stem and awful realities of the penal settlement. lie had been eight months at the station when the tragedy described took place, and during that period he was the only friend that corran had. the miserable deaf mute interested him, and as he slightly understood the dutub language he was able to converse with him. the convict felt grateful for   the only kindness he received, and with > the devotion of such persons he would gladly have given his life to save that of the religious instructor. the catastrophe that had happened troubled roden gn-,'il ly, and though in the ofiicial report it was made to appear that the whole occurrence was a diabolical plot of the mute the cnaplain knew better, for the convicts who were present told him the true facts. one of them had seen corran draw the overseer's attention to the rising breeze, and nearly all the felons had seen hobbs beating the convict. the death of the official was more the result of accident than intention, but rodcn well knew that 110 excuse would save the felon from the   lauds of the hangman if he were cap tured, and it gave him a melancholy satis faction to think that the wretched outcast had perished in a less ignominous man   ner.   one day mr roden was taking a solitary ramble along the coast when he wan startled by the sudden appearance of corran, who was in a deplorable state from exposure and want. after a few words in the dumb language the minister made up his mind to succor the unfortu nate at all risks, and took him to his quarters at the station. he first went and brought what food he could get lor the starving wretch, and at night smug gled him into his house.   this was a very easy matter to do, and was successfully accomplished. a mug retreat was made at the back of the clergy man's bedroom for the fugitive, and each day roden himself attended to the wants   of the convict.   it must be said that the clergyman felt   very uneasy at the action he had taken. from the standpoint of the system be was a traitor and a cheat. he was receiving pay and acting falsely to his employer. but when he looked at the question from the broud platform of humanity he ceased to reproach himself. the man he was succouring had been persecuted, and his life was 111 danger. if he turned him away it wonld be a sentence of death, either by starvation or at the hands of so-called justice, and these reflections comforted the kind hearted minister. there was always the danger, however, of discovery, aud that wouid mean ruin to both and death to one. tiiat was not a pleasant outlook, and for a fortnight after the appearance of corran the clergy man scarcely slept at night nor left his quarters during the day, unless compelled by duty to do eo.   it will thus he readily understood that when on the 2nd of august superintend   ent smith informed roden that he would tiave te proceed to hobart town in an swer to a summons front the bishops of van pieman's land, the reverend gentle man was considerably disturbed. lie would be away a week at least, and pro bably his ecclesiastical superior intended removing hinr fro'n macquarrie alto gether. of course he would have to go at once, as the sloop was ljtin<j in the bay ready to start that day. there was   110 help for it, and after a brief interview j with the mute, aud giving him all the   provisions he could roden went 011 board, : and at nightfall was sailing out of the   entrance, of the harbor, and heading for j hobart town. he was kept there for a i fortnight on business, at the end of which j time he departed for macquarie station, j eager to get back to the concealed con- j   vict. it was nearly midnight when the   little vessel entered the great bay, and as ; those on deck looked in the direction of i the station they saw that the horizon was 1 lighted up with the pink glow which told i of a conflagration. !   for a week after roden left macquarie j the convict corran managed fairly well, j the food left had been suflicient, and as i it was cooked there was 110 risk attached j to preparing it. the second week was different. the provisions were ex   hausted, and the fugitive fouud it ne- ! cessary to ransack the place for more. : he found sufficient, and also a quantity of dry tea. this was a luxury greatly   prized by the transportees, and in spite j   of the risk he determined to make some ; of the beverage. for this a fire was ne- 1 cessary, and for three uights in succession !   the convict, with a hint and tinder, aetu- ] ally kindled a stnail bhiz-t and made tea. | emboldened by his success he essayed j again on the fourth night to do the same, but whilst doing so he was startled to hear footsteps and voices outside and ap proaching the door. he instantly scat tered the burning sticks to extinguish the light, and as he made for his hiding place he heard a voice say that it must have been a delusion when they thought smoke was coming from the chimney. feeling that he had a narrow escape he lay quiet   ly for nearly an hour with the fumes of 1 cmoko in his nostrils. when he looked 1 out be fi>und the room full of smoke,   and as he opened the dcor the smoulder- | ing tire leapt into flames. one of the scattered brands had set the wooden   building on fire. he realized his danger j | at once, and instantly making for the j | door he opened it and passed out. the ]   bursting llaviies a second later roused the station, aud threw a bright light over the yard. corran had hoped to escape in the darkmss, but that hope was futile. he   had oil a suit of the clergyman's clothes, . however, and through that fact he passed the inner sentry suceessful'y. j^ut so   the outer. he had the striet.»«t • 'siru.e   tionsto allow 110 one to go inrougii with out the password, and be el.allen- jed the flying man. corran could not, of course, reply, but rushed uu when the soldier   raised his weapon and fired. ' it was a '   dead shot, for the bullet weiit through / his left breast, and the troubles of the |   deaf mute were over for ever. i   when roden landed he was h orrified to i find his quarters a smouldering heap of 1 ashes, and in his alarm he almost be-1 trayed himself about co: ran. he was al- j most relieved to find the fate that had ! overtaken the mute, and though the cir- 1 cuinataijces surrounding the matter were ! suspicious, no breach of the regulations could be sheeted home to the kiild hearted minister. it was years after when lie , told of the part he had played in that convict incident. 280        5421		a queer christmas adventure   chapter i of curious christmas days.   chapter i.   of cubious chbibtjus daxs.   myself and an only brother, were all of our family in the children way. there being but two years difference in our ages, we were more chuminv than most brothers, and from   such circumstances were more thrown for companionship into each other's company. we lived upon a large waste of common-like land, on the outskirts of the great city — a quarter now covered with bricks and pave ments,* but then an isolated spot. to get into lively company, and away from a dull home on christmas day was of the earliest of our boyish ambitions. we had read of jolly christmas days, and wished to realise them. thai we could not do, at oar lonely home, to which scarcely a guest ever came. as we grew older, and got- pocket money, ire tried to realise ' life' for this one day in the year. as the pocket money was always of our own earning, we could take liberties with it, and did so. we would steal away by the early excursion trains of a christmas morning, and so get by midday, to some one of the old english inns in the half -fossilised old towns with which old england abounds. at the talbot tnn at oundle, in northamp tonshire, we once lighted in this way on an especially happy christmas dinner, party and had the luck to be asked to take part in the other festive fun of the day. -good luck, of a like kind, followed us another time, at old kentish rochester, and again the next year at the white hart, at ancient taunton. oar christmas day at this last named town was an especially memorable one, from the character of our fair hostess and her subse quent fate. she was a sparkling and lively lady, with something' of beauty about her, and very dancing eyes. her name was manning, and her fame lives in the newgate calendar. before the next christmas day. came round we two of her old guests journeyed to horsemonger lane gaol, or apposite to it, to see herself and husband banged there, for the murder of one of their acquaintances. they had retired from hotel keeping and lived in a private house in southwark, to which they invited an old friend to dinner, ?*»«! buried him there, beneath the kitchen hearth-stone, in quick lime. it was on this occasion that i eat next bo charles dickens, who here made a bon mot worth recording. ere the husband and wife were pinioned by the hangman, the two were allowed to shake hands together. ' ah,' said the great novelist, ' they have ej-iftir«n tmnilg and are now going to have a ijuiet drop together.' of other christmas days* adventures, elsewhere, i have already told in print, and notably of two. the first was on the blue mountains of new south wales, where i was unexpectedly delayed for two days. the second 'was in new zealand, in the native pah of arawanui, near timaru, where i had a christmas day and dinner with the wimriwi. a christmas day spent in japan was not altogether a common-place affair, though not as yet told of by me, but now to tell of one nearer home.       chapter ii in the flight of 'fifty-two.   chapter h.   in tim flight op 'itftt-two.   i left england for australia in that eventful time of 'fifty-two that, like the hejira of mahomet, marks an epoch for australians and their history. arriving in   victoria towards the end of that year i had the 31 fortune, or, perhaps, the good one, to land there quite empty in pockets. it may have been a good fortune entirely, as it compelled me the earlier to set to work — a thing that one is not always ready to do after the lazy life of shipboard. and yet ours had not been an uneventful voyage. we had called at six places coming along — each htrn» in quest of coals, had had a gambling table in full play for all the voyage, and every crime and accident, short of actual murder, that could' happen on shipboard, or, for the matter of that, anywhere else. it was the calling about so often that gave me opportunity of seeing strange places and acquiring a kfettig for ^ayng so. the ffft™^ cause had produced tbe effect of the empty pockets, jt was, quite impossible to keep   weary seacards ? like ourselves from going on shore whenever that blissful opportunity offered* t£e want of money, save to gamble with, had not been so bitterly felt on shore as it came to be when we cast anchor in hobson's stay. i bad come to look upon the ehip'scookas the natural source of sustenance. no . wonder then that i lingered about so long that the. steward gave me a mild hint to go, by throwing my things out of the cabin and locking its door. dull as i am in fa^ying hints, there could be no mistaking the meaning of that. selecting blankets and rug from the things likely to be needful i fished up from the vessel's hold two cart wheels that i had brought out as likely, useful things. they proved so, indeed, in what they fetched at liardef e beach, as sandridge was then called. five pounds in pocket by this mercantile transaction, i felt at ease inmind.and walked towards town, in cheery sprits. emerald ttili had at that time but three tents upon it, mtu where the barracks stand upon the st. kilda-road was a veritable encampment of many hundreds of tents, known as ' canvass town.' in this cheerful settlement of the newly- landed ones, i found one who was about to start next day for the mount alexander diggings— -100 miles distant. for company and division of labour it was desirable to go with someone — if only for carrying tiie cooking utensils. he swung a tin canand two pannikinsto his belt, while i shouldered a frying- pan. our first nights' encampment was under an abutment of broken, old keilor bridge ; the second was passed on the edge of the black forest; the third at the other side of it; the fourth at sawpit gully, now elphinstone ; and the fifth at campbell's creek. we occasionally picked up company by the way, and lightened the journey, and 'our spirits, by such convivialities »as could be got of an evening under gum-trees for flhftlter. and the moon for lamplight. the poorest people — and i speak with experience for authority — are the freest from care — not to say the most reckless. i don't think that i ever in life felt livelier than when on that journey in search of gold, to aid me in which i had but such email store of silver. at campbell's creek.my tramp- companion found some friends and we parted company, i taking my way to fryer's creek and the loddon, whereabout it was* rumoured very good ground had lately been opened. ,       chapter iii diggings-life in 'fifty-two.   chapter ttt   diggnrgs-m'e in 'fifty-two.   at tbe loddon' a junction with fryer's creek i lighted upon two diggers who wanted the aid of a third. these men were, abchnrclv an american, and frazer, a   scotchman, who had been two months digging about this neighbourhood with a third t'«'»| donaldson, who had now fallen sick with dysentery and had to keep tent for a time and soon to return to town for mn«li-«i.l attendance and hospital life. i filled his place for three months, and during that time wondered whether he, in the melbourne hospital, or i, at the loddon junction, had the better fate ? such arduous labour as digging i had never before en countered— such need of hardening the hands and getting one's spine to conform to crooked positions for ten hours of the day. it was all that and a little more, as my party worked for two hoars daily before breakfast -and ceased labour only with the setting sunj a scotchman and an* american, when they mean work, really give plain expression to such meaning. my two mates were of /those nationalities, and i hope that -they see/ both now alive and happy somewhere in the world. i bear them no ill will now, but they might, i thought then, have had a little more mercy on a new chum than they appeared to have. their hands were har dened and fonjt' backs bent by six months previous digging practice. they had for gotten their troubles and were too intent on gold-hunting to -ji«ilr of those of others. however, all this severe training bad its good effect, and there proved yet, as i have to tell, full need of all the strength it gave one in wind and limb. at the end of five or six weeks of such work with pick and shovel, with a dietary of beef, mutton, and damper, washed down with water only, i was a stone lighter in weight, but tougher by far than i ever thought to be, and on the highway to that happy state of things desired by all athletes aad usually defined as ' hard as nails.' i felt that when this dreary, stupid toil, in which one's head, and all in it, were of no service to one, was over it would be really delightful enjoyment to walk about for forty miles a day with a swag on one's back, and thus see the world of the diggings before leaving it. i had eo gained at digging work what others seek for in the gymnasium and other like exercises. i had tine advan tage' also of youth and all the supporting spirits and rapidly flowing blood of that happy time of life. christmas eve came upon us when thus employed, and brought an event with it! abchureh had, with nearly bis last shovelful of blue clay, that evening dug up a live frog, which bad-there been imbedded — fifteen feet beneath the surface — for who knowb how long? the creature lived, or moved at all events, for an hour or more when restored again to light and air, but then died and rapidly decomposed after its death. we preserved the clay shape in which it had lain for a time about which we all three had our theories, abchureh talked geology and of pliocene periods and tens of thousands or millions of years. frazer was a quiet presbyterian and had other and ' shorter catechism' beliefs. . i was thinking only of some lines such as horace smith, might have written to this frog in the style of his famous address to the egyptian mummy. and thou hast walked about, bow strange a story ! in thebes streets four thousand years ago ! this geological and froggy talk finished with the subject of next day and its dinner. it was agreed, ftem. eon, to do no work on that day, and it was my turn to be cook. i had in some sort thus, at last, for once' to *^''» ' at ^r»inn ?' on christmas day ! it was a strange place to give the name of « home ' -to— that tent of oars. a. box-lid, set upon two legs driven into the earth, formed the table, and for chairs we bad three iron nail-cans — inverted when so used. for sofas and beds were three baker's sacks nailed to stumps, or stakes, at each corner.       chapter iv a diggings' christmas dinner.   chapter iv.   a dkhhkgs* «-» ttiwirtw dihheb.   otjb dinner i had given thought to, that it might be, for christmas day, something purely australian in diet, and my mates had fallen in with the idea. with that notion.'   we three had started early on a hunting expedition, one of us, who was a notable good shot,, carrying his gun. by breakfast time we had returned with, the net result of four parrots, two 'possums, and a young native bear. i used a new zealander's example in the dressing of these delicacies, and the outcome was not bad for a beginner. the cooking was effected by heating some large stones in a wood fire. while they were so heating, a hole was dug in the ground, of about a foot, or two feet in depth. into fois the hot stones were tumbled and swept' clean with gum leaves. among these stones was laid the game of the morning's sport, and thin rough oven was then covered with leaves and topped with an old sack. the viands — eo to call our venison and birds— came to table vi& a finer aroma than, flavour, but   what was eaten of them ate all the better for the novelty of sueh a thoroughly australian christmas dinner. ' ? dinner ended,, and 'all friends at a dis tance' duly toasted in some irish whisky, from a neighbouring store, we three fastened the tent's opening with the usual skewer, and , went abroad for an airing and do wn, a half mile or so away, to the ' flat' where the stores were situated, and where what there was of ' life' at the diggings was best to be seen. for my two mates there was another and greater attraction, usually sought only on sun days, in a back gully, wherein was situated one of the ' sly groggeries' for which the digg ings at that tamehad a great name.       chapter v a christmas day's stroll.   chapter v.   a chbistxas sax's 6tboll.'   fob the diggings of 'victoria were at the time of '52 all strictly « on the teetotal,' an ordinance that the legislature had thought essential to the keeping of law and order   among the very motley crew that then peopled them. these were at that time a very different population to what can now be found on similar gold fields. it was not then known, as it now is too well, what a gold digger's life really was, and what qualities are necessary to a diggers success. of a con sequence, every ne'er-do-well, every lazy and bad. son of the family, who was too idle and dissipated to work at home, was helped off by his long tired relatives to where harder work .than elsewhere was actually necessary. privations such as those characters can least suffer had there to be encountered and a perseverance, patience, and stoutheartedness to be shown that are alien qualities to natures of that kind. for such,- it was doubtlessly wise that no spirits of any kind were allowed to be sold. the licenses granted to the gold fields people, by the government were for digging gold only, and priced as high as thirty shillings per license collected by troopers monthly. every seller of spirituous liquor, was therefore a smuggler and an unlicensed vendor of it, and as such liable to police raids at any and all times, and to heavy fines or imprisonment for the offenders.; the dangerous nature of such traffic in forbidden drink made it very popular with the large number of people who delight in doing what's wrong, and the pro fits were, of course, proportionately large. half-a-crown was charged for a nobbier of liquor, worse in quality than that now to be had for threepence, and everyone in the tent was expected to ' ahout' for all hands there in, in his turn. my twp mates could both work hard and drink hard, when cause for doing either happened. i am a failure at f)rintitig1 and so after my expected contribution, at some two pounds cost, had been given, i cleared out, and sought other scenes. my companions stopped behind to make, as i thought they would, a jolly, or drinking evening of it. there were other causes for one of us being in the tent of an evening — our little store of gold was there in small wooden match- boxes, carefully buried in one corner, ' where the treasure is, there will the heart be also,' and gold got with such arduous toil bad all the greater value in one's eyes — in my eyes at all events. i listened for a time, to an itinerant preacher, who was on another part of the flat, and ' on the stump,' in every sense of the term.. he was' nut by any motais a bad expounder of his theories, and evidently gifted for his work in that way, and better than many whom i have heard in pulpits. his was the only sermon i had heard for six months, and the first one heard by me upon australian soil. my preacher had selected the subject of bis discourse* from one of christ's thirty-four parables, and had not unwisely taken a text well calculated to interest an emigrant in the word's, ' a certain man went down to jericho, and fell among thieves.' on another part of the flat i found the political agitator in the person of one bryce ross who, for a time, became in those days a notable man. he was loudly decrying the inj nstice of the license fee, which had already been found a hard matter with many to pay. a shilling a day was certainly a heavy tax for the too many who had no money, and thought nightly that their uselessly spent days of toil and privation should be met with something of governmental encouragement in place of a deterrent poll-tax. this was about the beginning of that agitation that thereafter spread and culminated in the bauarat riots, and the famous eureka stockade business. it was easy enough about this flat, and on this idle day, to ' ' pick up character.' it was too plainly written in the features of many, whom various vices, of their own or their lorefathers, had stamped with their marks. desperate or dejected were the looks of those who had found digging to be a fallacy — so far as any certainty of success attended it. there were wild looks in the eyes of many who had to-day sought — probably with their last shilling — their old solace in drink, and cunning ones in the faces of others who were probably planning' a robbery for that nights' doing. queer indeed were some of the characters in the diggings-crowd of the year '62 !       chapter vi a queer christmas-night's visitor.   mtapter vl   a qtthkr i'mtltfl'lrtb -wight's vtsitob.   getting back to the tent as evening was drawing on, i made, for this holiday occasion a cup of tea, of the digging, kind -w.hed 'noafa and raita ' it sot that name   from roe quantity of odds and ends that always floated on the surface when poured out. it was coarse, common stuff, that was &en; sold for tea on the gold-fields, but drank with all the relish that hard work gives one, for thirst, like hunger, is what the scotch call 'a fine kitchen.' tea over i sat down on the .edge of my' ' stretcher,' for a reading of the hut number of the weekly argus that had come to hand a few days before, and which welcome literature had hitherto been reserved for sunday's perusal only. an hour or so had been supping by at tibia occupation, and by that tiine the moon, a full one, bad risen over the opposite range to where our tent was located. i was cheerfully digesting the budget of news from 'home' by the last mail, when i became aware of footsteps about the tent, through the canvas of which tbe light of the candle could be well seen. our tent was quite lonely in its situation— no other being nearer to it than some hundreds or more of yards. on one side of.it was piled the wood that we had cut up from a fallen tree the previous sunday, which day-was our body washing,' and-, tree felling day, in addition to our only reading one. lit was the treading on some log of this wood, that had helped to arouse my attention to the outside footsteps. listening to these outside movements, and watching the moths that were flitting through the candle-flame, my eyes had wandered from tiie paper and around the tent. they so glanced, for a half-second only, upon a pair of wld- lookingeyes, with an unnatural fire in them, that were staring and glaring in a straining way from an opening made by their owner in the canvass above tbe skewer fastening. an uncovered head of dark hair, evidently, tbat of a man, -was partly visible in this burned look in which i had feigned not to have noticed what ifbosanr. (hiei^l^approe^hedsonolse*   lessly, and was so^ouriousb/ peeping might choose to depart .perhaps as quietly as he carna, and thjere it would alj«hd. it was not to be bo, hbw^tot.as thfinexfc movement of the outsider was to raise the lower nart of the tent-opening below the .skewer and to crawl within. before he stood oliite erect i had seen that he was barefooted, and that one foot had a rag bandage around it. ' hisonly clothing was a shirt and trousers — the former of linen, and not of the usual blue serge worn, bydiggers. hisbarefooted state accounted for the almost noiselsssness of his movements. this strange intruder bad a haggard, dis tracted look, which was the more alarming when one noticed, in a glance, that he was a powerful and young man. 'all alone, and reading!' lie said, in a hoarse voice. ?'yon must have an easy mind.' i felt that i wanted one just then, for one's mind was anything but easy at such a strange intrusion after tiigtih^i^ by one who might be drunk, or mad, or half and half that way, or have come with, intentions' of robbery and murder. i answered quickly enough. 'yes! my mind's easy enough! what's the matter with yours, add what ails the foot p' his eyes were wandering about in a strange way, and i thought that his head would be doing the same, but he answered directly enough. 'i came in because i saw a light, and found you alone, i want company, as i can't get sleep !' ' better see the doctor then, or get a sleep ing draught from the chemists on the flat— you are in a bad way, and will get worse wandering about without coat or boots !' ' chemists can give me nothing that will send me to sleep, and they won't sell me the sleeping draught that i want! what were you reading about ?' pointing his attention to the paper, and to the part of it containing the news of the last mail, i said, ' news from home.' ' i wish . there could be no news from home ! i can read none of it. i can only read this much of home news, and it is that which has kept my sleep away '.' saving that, he drew out from a side pocket, a soiled, and doubled-up envelope, wherefrom he took a letter, and threw it over to me. it was by this time hardly necessary that he should tell me of his condition — it was so self-evident. i had read that in such cases of insanity, presence of mind is everything — that the whims of the mad must be indulged, and further irritation of the disordered brain always avoided. i had, therefore, to look at the letter, half glancing at him meanwhile. of what i could eo read, i gathered that it was an account from one.- who wrote of the death of her sister — three months after, someone, whom i judged to be my mad visitor, had left england. the blame of her death appeared to be laid to his charge, and some bitter language of the writer seemed much in the nature of a curse upon him, and calculated greatly to irritate an afflicted mind. my strange visitor was evidently one who had ran from home, and who had been unfortunate in his ventures since landing here. this letter by the hut mail had destroyed the tottering balance of his mind, and there was, as be had said, no more sleep for him, if s contents had acted much: as iago's poisoning words affected othello. not poppy, nor mandragoia, nor all the drowsy syrups of this world shall ever medicine tiiee to that sweet sleep which thou had yesternight ! towards the end of the letter he was warned by tbe writer *re vis: to return to england, and there was something about the discovery of defalcations as a further reason for bis remaining abroad. the matter was plain enough now, my viator was 'a bad tot,' and probably as not, suffering from hflhrintn tremens. ' bad news,' i said, as i folded up the letter and handed it over to him. . ' that* s the straw, that news, that's broke my back-! i've had that letter now for five nights and no sleep since i got it.' ' why do you go about so half undressed?' i said, ' better go and put your boots on and we'll have a walk and talk about it.' that was move the first to get quit of my uncom fortable companion. 'fm dressed enough for where i am going. i'm going out of this world, and quickly too! i shall follow her then and we'll meet again !' quite quietly i answered to that remark : ' not likely if you die here. her spirit is at the other side of the world, and spirits don't wander r., far *'*i;his ; they are always about in deatu rv£ere they were in life. let me get up a subscription to-morrow to send you home, if you want the money. meantime get away to yotrr tent here and nurse your foot 2' that was move number two at this very unpleasant game. 'oh, damn the foot and the hand too, that wrote that letter !' almost screamed my excited marltim^ whose eyes now gleamed plainly enough with the strange light of a maddened brain. 'i shall go out of this life to-night, and my home shall be where she is. you come with me now and see me off ! come ! or 111 drag you with me !' with that — before i could avoid it— he gripped my arm with a convulsive clutch that i felt the like of once before with one who was suffering from brain fever — a young fragile being when in health, but whom it took the strength of six of us to hold in bed when in that fevered state. it was useless, i knew, to struggle with, this man in that «imiln.r condition. madmen's actions and intentions must be met by other measures. i said : 'oh, til go and see you off willingly enough. let* s go down to the flat first and get a drink. this is christmas night, and i want to drink to all friends alive and to the memory of the dead. -you come with me.' this was move number three in a game that looked now a very ugly one. 'i* have no friends that i want to remember,' be said. ' my frionaa axe where i'm going to join them, and quickly too.' . 'well, ell right i may join you in going too, after a drink. i have one ox two worth remembering at this christmas time — you go on first,' i said. he tore the canvass of the tent in pulling the opening apart, and dragged me out after him into the moonlight. i extinguished fo«» candle by kicking over tits bottle that held it, and noticed, in a backward glance, that he had dropped his letter on the ground within the tent. as drowning men catch at straws, and i must be rid of my ««iittnm at any hazard, i caught at the idea of that letter as being something of value to him.. 'stay! you have left that letter behind — take mat with you— it is not for every body to aee!'       chapter vii a race with a madman.   chapter vil   a. race with a nr*mr»t,   that move scored in my favour. he loosened his hold of my arm, and hurried back for bis letter. the night was bright moonlight, but i wished in my soul that it   baa. been ot blackest darkness, for a better chance of escape front such company. i had concluded that he intended to make for some 'deep waterhole, there to drown, and take me for company in a horrible death-grip. a madman s meaning can never be guessed, and this one had plainly enough pointed to suicide - as-his intention, and that at once. i stayed until he had got within the tent, where, as i thought, the darkness, caused by the extanc- ' tion of the rewiflip. tfiipryffpyiijqiy liiaafiti^if¥ij-|jm : letter. - it would nob cbto feusfc to wyfcot   within sight having anyone 'within on tbat night. all tent-owners were likely enough down on the flat, so i resolved to make for' ground i knew well on the .other side of the range, to which i had gone daily for weeks past on digging work. the knowledge of the road wouldwall.in myfavour, as against bis ignorance of it, should it- come to a race. i was booted and he was barefoot, and one of his feet was injured and bandaged, all of which counted in .my favour and flitted through my thoughts as remembrances do through the beads of drowning menv i was off, at fullest speed, . and had reached the top of the range on .the bide of which the tent stood ere he came out of it again. he could just see that much of me in the moonlight, and that much i could plainly 'see also, as with a loud yell he made after me. i trusted mostly to my knowledge of tiie ground to avoid its dangers, and to outrun my barefooted pursuer over a very stony and rough course. at a flying pace i weut down the other side of the range, at the foot of which lay a gully all full of well shaped holes — the shallow sinkings of diggers who had worked out that ground some monfrfrp before. i darted orer the mounds of «arth thrown up all around, and zigzagged about, and «npng the holes with a swiftness of foot that was made up mostly by sheer desperation. i have read somewhere of one who ran similarly, and for similar reasons— ' as one who in a lonely place, speeds on in fear arid dread, and having once looked back, tarns round. bat turns no more bis head. because he knows a fearful thing does close behind him tread. beyond this gully lay a lower range, or ridge, than what i had descended in going down to it. i took this in a sideway direction the better to mount it. i found my ' second wind,' as rowing men phrase it, had by this time come, and that, my late hard work had made such hard running less a toil than it would have been at another time. i could not have ran as i now did two months or so before, when no work and the non-exertion of three months or more of ship-life had left me in a very flabby condition. the toughness that was wanted had been gained, and was now being well used. a glance backward now and again showed my pursuer as gaining ground, and an occa sional shout or screech beemed to tell of his knowledge that he was doing so.. at the foot of. the next range lay a. gully of shallow boles, in which i had worked for my first week of digging life. i knew ~ of one hole, with a wide opening, and only eight' feet of depth, that i had helped to tunnel, in tbree directions, into a network of other boles, all similarly tunnelled, in pursuit of wash dirt in their dividing walls. if i could reach fhia ground my knowledge of its burrows would be in favour of my finding safety there in tbe ^rtmrar. all which, i summed up as i fled along at a pace that i was keeping' up better than i bad thought possible. as i went down the side of the range towards **'' ground, i heard my madman give a louder yell than usual i calculated that the sharp stones had done their work on the bare feet, and thought i could see that the bandage of ihe injured foot was flying loosened about it. i bad reached the foot of the range, and was amongst the deserted holes, when i had my first fall it was caused by an unseen pole that crossed a hole deeper than usual, and one resorted to for water, of which there were several feet of depth in it. of these holes there are many in suchdiggings, and they were prized' much -. by fiie diggers for testing of wash dirt, that they would here 'pan out,' and so find by the leavings the value of the stuff in the hole that they might have just bottomed. the pole across the hole would be that to which the rope was attached, by which the ' prospector' made bis way ap and down — his mate passing down the pan of wash-dirt to him when there. in stumbling over this pole, i had thrown it backwards clear off from its position across the hole, and, scrambling up, was away again at the other side. my first glance on getting up had shown my pursuer coming on at great speed, and i could, i thought, see his wild, beast-like eyes glittering in the moonlight. the next look over iny shoulder was on hearing another sound altogether, and seeing nothing whatever of .the man. i stood alone in the moonlight, for i stopped as suddenly as be seemed to have done. i could now feel, in throbbing lungs and thumping heart, the effects of the pace i had been going at. yet i looked about with the cautious scare of a haunted being for dangers yet to come. nothing, however, stirred, and i caught no definite sound other than that of the moths and insects tbat were about in the wiglit air. should i go back or go onwards? no! not go back; my ™«'jm«tti might, with the cunning of w'^naa« have lain down to tempt my_ return. had he fallen down a hole he might probably scramble^ out again, and, so tiiiwt-frig^ x made my way down the gully to where it turned into another one, and so over another range downwards to the flat. . until ireached there i met with no one, and wended thence to the trooper's quarters at the lower end of it. telling my adventure there, i got police company back to the tent. there was some evidence nere in the open state in which it was found, the torn fastenings and the upset candle, of what i bad stated, and my thoroughly blown look was corroborative enough of the rest of it. helped by the trooper and one of my mates, whom we met on the road, we found our way to the scene i had so lately travelled to ia such quick time. the ground there was now searched, and the deeper holes inspected with the help of a police-lantern. toe cause of my madman's sudden disappearance was thus soon discovered. he had tripped over the very same pole that i had fallen at, and which, as i have said, i had kicked away from its position over the water hole. it was into this hole that he had fidloiij and here we found him nearly up to the chin in the dark and very cold water, had the pole been across tie hole he would not probably have fallen in. his fall would then have been across it, or his hands would possibly have clutched it. he had been nearly an hour in the chilling water when found, and was shivering, chilled to the bone, and in a sad state when got out, the cold of the water having been intensified to him in the reaction consequent on the feverish, heated- condition in which he was when falling into it. the poor fellow's delirium had for a time subsided, but the shock had been too much for bis enfeebled state. he was seized that night with ague and dysentery combined, and rapidly sank — dying on tne evening of the second day. his tent had meantime been discovered, but nothing there was found to throw any further light on the miserable man's history. the letter which would perhaps hare helped to that end had either been dropped by him in his insane chase after me, or had been trodden by him into the mud of the bottom of the water-hole from which he had no doubt ™-'te frantic efforts to escape. poor fellow! he was but one of the strange beings whom i met with at the diggings in '52, and only a sample of many who fled thither as much, for excitement and forgetful ness sf the past as for. any hope of making-c, . inending their fortune there. as part of tae remembrances of my six jnimthn of digging life'my time with this, poor timdmnn often comes to memory, and not without a-bhndder at 'all 'tiie risks of that strange christmas feigfaftjtun, .        1413		jack   chapter i   floveli tet. t bok. ernotonv called him j;ock` it is to be sup. psed that his christian name was john, but nobody ever dreamt of addreasing him, or speskiog of him by' it. what his surname cas, i didn't know then. i fancy i'd heard it, but i can't say for certain. i don't re member. perhaps it was jones, or brown, or iobinson. it might have been. or perhaps, happy thought, his surname was jack. no, that cannot be, because if it had been, people would have called him by an abbreviation of his frst name, unless indeed it were john jack, and then you see, you couldn't very wel help it. there are some people you know like that. theee be your charley', your tome, your bills, your joe, your bobs, your, as in this care, jacks. for the most part they are a shildess, careless, improvident lot, who are, as folks say, nobody's enemies but their own, and yet they ore, as a rule, fellows whom everybody likes, whom little children worship, adt whom, even the most crosegrained dogs will give a wag of the tail to. they are fel loews to whom you go to unbosom yourselves chenoyou armc in trouble, as thorain.drenached tower turns its petals to the sun, and who, if ihey caonot help you, will do the next best thg, give your their ready and kindly sympathy. 1 need therefore hardly say that everybody liked jack, that is, nearly everybody.'. high. dried old skinflints whose god was plutes, nod whose areed was grab, didn't, nor did onuceited prigs who fancied themselves some bodies, but who, except in their own eetima tio, were very small nobodies, neither did hflatulent humbugs, who by sheer orae of cheek and bounce forced better, but more modest men to the wall. these didn't like jack, nor to tell the truth, did jack lie them overmuch. they spokeof him in a kind ofl half pitying, half sneering efahion, magnilfying hi faults and failings, ond snarig cis good qualities, as who ou1 say " see how much better, and more sallabl, and more respectable, i am than that sapgrace ne'erd.ll. uthiite opped him, his mother adored him, and a ell, i'm afraid the old man had rather a hard time with jack. his friends, good he were legion, thought him a prince of td lellows as indeed he was. generous leal to a fault when h as the aying ss,"held it," which he didn't often, for in re rmd of young jack money goes like waterot of a aeivom. nohd knjae was, or wshat he did for a living oel kner very dcearly. in fact i question hal er he knoiw very clearly himself. ho le origihe lkeena intended for an architect, ,*s n hea tdid snrveying, then he went to ' a c e voyges, hen he became a ockdj writer for the press, then he tried nd share rohing, next he went on a led, foloe eop the country looking for e u after nothat tp by a trip to new zealafte othing in particular, then to ain oew ruh, again in tae ' i are oflie arnd rubies, hack to itoreia ith half a cargo of freestone from tome newly discovered quarry at point von. ra nth wad °n at the age of twenty.three ere he was in elbourne established as that and onplaceablo thing, a general , en a little ne roomed office, with one o r~airb, no? inkstand, one pen, and eoeoed 03' 5 cleric, whose chief function oiews to be catching flies duringthe intervals oa t running out for beer, and whose ssmall as himself. it is y jock had an income, not much, and lelot anough to pay the ollice rent, sdo r, ihah i'overbial wolf eaoutside the doo. it bad been rleft to him by an old aunt sdd o don t rcldcd jarck in turns, and ecet ricrbo f o zisanctity, leaving him jc rol 0 her eader incomuo and o? l careless, iiprvidnt, impecunious jack ntnt o oon in this doevil may care, my ls outh 0ihbione, until-ah, but that's ciapter ii. yered it 00 0ne long to ho remom. sictoi, the aann'aslf the great colony of blunderin on ~ioa, owing to some stupid ew nh,e?"?le part of the powers that h?l htrin, thece occorred an event that h apynd acod desolation to 'scores of pesad a?d "-ablu homes. black wed. ear .,g andg with se much misery e-llhke teande spoetable body of men, tiesa hein an tle night, without warn. that (olg 00ia 0 onol.eratto te many who lh•t ' u theeivs to the fond belief tha ir bread and water gould neyer lail,   who, perhaps, thought they had a kind of heaven born right to the loaves and fishes so many discover it so difficult to find. as to the right or wrong of the matter, it does not hero concern us, further than to ay that it made a most important change in the pros. pects and the lifo of jack. and in this wire. jack's father wns an old and trusted, and it may be said, valuable servant of the state. onewhohadimportant functions entrusted to him, and who, being in the receipt of a liberal salary, and having his bread buttered on both sides, had brought up his son and two daughters, if not altogether in the luxury of aflluence, at least in the com. fort of a fairly moderate competency. and now that was all over, jack's father, like scores of others, had got his instantaneous mittimue, and well stricken in years, and knowing nothing beyond the regular routine work of a government department, had now to seek fresh woods and pastures now for a livelihood. what made the matter worse was that the old gentleman had lived pretty well to his income, and that, as misfortunes never come singly, the bulk of his savingo ehad been swept away by an ill-advised and ill tinmed speculation, which, like many others that come to grief, promised to pay cent per cent, or more than that, on the investment. and so the old gentleman was ruined, horse, foot, and marines, to use an old fashioned phrase. ruined, so far ascould he seen, without hope of redemption, for hither. to the world had gone s moothly with him, that he could not possibly understand what it was to have to fight the battles of life; and so instead, as a younger and less conserva. tire man might have done, of facing the stern reality, he allowed the watere to dash over his head, and gradually sank into the depths of querulous despondency. as is too frequently the case when reverees come, the head of the family was not the only sufferer. the eldest daughter, who had been fairly well engaged, and who was indeed on the point of marriage, had the mortification of being deliberately jilted by her lover, a young lawyer, who had more regard for the eon. vonient code of prudence than for the code of honor, and although jack horsewhipped him publicly in tollins.street, andalahough every. body said it served him right, that did not much improve matters. but jack did more, and what was of far more account. he insaisted on his father re moving into a smaller house, and selling off his magnificent furniture, reserving only his mother's favourite chair, and his sister's piano (much to the old gentleman's disgust, no doubt), and then deliberately made over the whole of his not particularly handsome income to them, gave up his ofie, and turned to, with a will, to find employment for himself. it was not so easy to find though, for a man who was nothing in partiunlar, and every thing in general, and he had almost began to despair, and to talk of going to sea before the mast, when a.good natured friend, who had known him in happier days, and who was not utterly heartless, heard of something that might suit him, and hunted him up. ; " it ain't much of a thing, you know, old chapple," said'this good samaritan, "but it's better than nothing, you know. a friend of the guv'nors', a major o'connell, out in the blooming wilds of gippsland, has gone a little looney on irrigation, and water supply, and all that kind o' rot, you know. hio's writing a book about it, and he wants some gentlemanly fellow to go up and help him, nat ashis secretary, you know. he wrote to the guv'nor, and i mentioned you, so, if you like, the guv'nor '11 recommend you. the screw's not large, about four notes a week, but then you live in the house, you know, and there's good fun up there shooting and fish ing, i'm told. anyway, it'll be a change for you, old chbappie, and it'll be a start for you; and look here jack, don't you be offended, but if you want a tenner or so for a start, why you only need to say so, you know." jack thankfully closed with the offer, and after a little necessary delay, obtained his credentials from his friend's' father,' and started on his journey to what his friend had graphically desaribed as the " bloomingwilds of gippeland." myna. it was a pretty picture that presented itself to the eyes of jack, the afternoon of a lovely australian spring day, a week later, as he traversed the bush track that led from the highway to avondale, the residence of major o'connell, his now employer. it was a pretty picture, and one which might well have caused a poet. or a painter to stand spell bound awhile, and drink-in its marvellous beauty, as it did jack. away, seen dimly in the distance through a vista of primeval forest, towered the purple bead of mount angus, down whose gaunt and precipitous sides, leaping from shelf to shelf of rook, fell the infant avon in sheets of amethyst, and showers of silver, the avon that was crossed at his feet by a rustic foot. bridge, and passed babbling by, over its bed of boulder and shingle on its way to swell the waters of lake wellington fifty miles below. sweat, soft, sensuous, was the air, the un dalating woods were clad in their spring ver dure, and here and there, through the boseage, ilght be caught glimpses of rich pastures dotted with sedately grazing cattle. the s?n shone in golden bars through the rifts of the foliage overhead, and nature seemed sleep tng in the mellow light and delicious languor of that glorious spring afternoon. but there was something else, something ihat caused jack to stop habort, and with a strange fluttering at the heart, to gaze in rapt wonder and admiration. on a grassy bend of the stream, gemmed with pink and white epacris and other wild flowers, and seated on lhe trunk of a fallen tree, sat a young girl in the blush and bloom of early womanhood. a girl, oh i so inexpreoaibly lovely. who can, in words, describe myra burke, the beauty and acknowledged bells of the country side for scores of miles around? the soft bazel eyes, the delicately arched brows, the pretty setulant mouth, and the glory of the golden hair, on which a ray of sunlight played like a nimbus, jack had seen the proud dames and maidens of melbourne many a time and oft, on the block, in "rotten row," and where not else? but never aught liko this. he had, like old obaucer, often had "a dream of fayre women," bhut here was the reality, a living impersonation of the poet's wildest fancies. she sat bareheaded, her wide- brimmed hat i banging carelessly on her lap in one hand, while with the other sheb toyed absently with he flossy hair of a small skyo terrier that lay by her side on the log. she sat perfectly still, gazing somewhat pensivelyat the brook which ippled brightly by, "in maiden meditation," tack would have given something to know whether " fancy free," sat, framed as it were, in a festoon of drooping acacia which sprung on either hand, a veritable nymph of the fairy deli. but the sharp hearing or scent of her companion detected the proximity of a sranger, and priuking his ears, he emitted a short querulous bark. jack, thus discovered, could not but step from his leafy cover, and au he marked the flush of startled wonder in the fairface, he aieed his hat: "i bog your pardon for disturbing you," he said, " would you kindly tell mo it this is the way te avondale ?" " yes," she replied, " straight on, but are you going to avondale. do you wish to see .my uncle ?" jack was somewhat nonplussod at this frank questioning, and replied with a smile, ' if major o'connell is your uncle, yes, i do vwish to see him." "iam going home myself, and will show you hb wayit you iile." "many thanks." myra looked curiously at him with a side.o ong glance. me was a stranger, he was un. dniably gogd.lookioge, and he bad the qonq ?: rvf, .. / . .. . ..   i and air of a gentleman. she had been told sby her uncle that he expected a visitor, who would probably boe a resident for ome time t but, if she had thought of it at all, she had t pictured an altogether different manner of man to this. visitors of any class were rare in this out of the way region, and even the nlow that didcome, were mostly of the rough o and uneducateld bush stamp, farmers, grae. i iera, and cattle-dealers. ordinary girls might have felt embarrassed by the presence of this handsome young stranger. but myra burke was not ano ordinary girl. she had none of the false delicacy which shrinks from addressing a i stranger, hut she possessed a graceful frank. sess which, while it put others at their ease, could never be mistaken for unmaidenly bold. i noes, nor undue familiarity. besides, it may i as well be admitted, she had her ahare of wromanly curiosity. "i bog your pardon," she said at last, after a long pause, " but my uncle expected a visitor today. are youhe ?" jack introduced himself, and said he had that honor, and that he should,in all proba bility remain some time at the house, as he was partly engaged to do some work for major 'connell. "*in fact," said jack, out. spokenly, "ei am employed by your uncle in the capacity of a kind of private secretary." she laughed a little merry.laugh., "then i pity you from the bottom of my heart," she said, "unless you delight in blue books, and reports, and learned disquisitions on-what is it my uncle calls it 7--dynamils, and pneumatics, and hydrostatics, and other abominations, the very thought of which makes my head aohe. poor dear, he fancies science can do anything, even make water run up hill." jack laughed in concert. "i cannot say," he replied, " that my, soul hankers after the abstruse subjects you have named, just at present, but .i:dare eay i shall get to like them well enough-after a time." she laughed still more merrily, as she went on, "oh, you cannot imagine how much i am disappointed in you." jack was very sorry to hear that " oh, not at all. i don't exactly mean disappointed-"" jack was delighted to hear her say so. she flushed slightly, and'continued more reservedly « only you see, thelast gentleman who came to see my uncle about his water scheme was so learned, and pompous, and overflowed so with long soientifle words and scientific arguments, that he frightened poor me." jack hoped he should do better than that. "and then he was so old, and fussy, and had a harsh rasping voice that set your teeth on edge, and talked about "watter' tables, and pressures, and co.efllcionts, and velocities, and formulas, and took snuff, even at the dinner table, and i almost expected you to be something like him, and you see, you are so -well--so-different." jack hoped so. at all events he would promise not to take snuff at table; as they conversed, they approached the house, emerging through a small' white gate, on a smoothly shaven lawn, with quaintly formed and neatly kept flower beds. the house itself was a great wooden structure, painted white, and backed by. a guain-dotted paddock. it had a wide, airy verandah all round, overgrown with thick leafery and white and purple blossoms of the passion; flower. standing at a windowopening on the veran. dah was a middle.aged, rather stout man, with grey hbir and moustacho. he wore a tweed suit and a cabbage.tree hat, and on jack giving him his credentials, welcomed him most cordially to avondale, which he said he trusted would be found a pleasant home for many a day. he thought he should like jack, for he had heard nothing but good of him, and he hoped jack would like him, although an old man's fads and fancies were not always the most amusing. he would not hear of jack returning to stratford. "no, no, i will really take no re fusal. imagine your going back to the town ship (not but what the shakspeare is a res pectable house enough) while there are eom fortable quarters for you here. nonsense i come in and have some lunch. i'm sure you're hungry after your walk. myra, my laee, tell sullivan to put the grey mare in the trap, and drive over to the township for mr. lilley's things." they entered the house, jack following his bhost and employer into a large and hand somely furnished room, and after luncheon the afternoon was spent in going round the grounds, seeing the improvements, and in jack being instructed in the duties he was expected to perform; 'and in the evening, after dinner, myra played and sang to them. "do you sing, mr. lilley ?" she asked. " we have some duets here, if you would like to go over them with me." the major was deep in burnell's hydraulic engineering, and jack, who could really sing very well, jumped at the chance. " i'm afraid i'm rather out of practice," he said, when they had finished, " but if you will per. mit me, we will try them again to- morrow." her bright eyes were raised to his for an instant, and as quickly dropped. "that will be very nice, indeed," she said, "and i am so fond of music.'" "ah, jack lilley," he said to himself, when he had retired to his room that night, " you are in comfortable quarters here and no mistake. a fine old trojan is the major. i feel at home with him already. and that girl, miss burke, what a lovely creature she is. myra, what a pretty name. myra. i wonder if ever i shall call her myra. 'i wonder-pshaw, jack lilley, you're a fool, or worse. what am i thinking of, me, a penni. lose adventurer, that even she should think of me. i can't help thinking of her though. bab, i'll go to bed, and forget all about her." a very philosophic and laudable resolve;no doubt, but not so easily carried out as made. those bright eyes had already made sad havoc with jack's heart, and although he pish'd and pshaw'd, and bossed and turned, he could not sleep, nor drive her from his-thoughts, until, in the early morning, he fell into a slumber, and dreamt of-well, perhaps, of myra burke. chapter iv. h.lelro dayrs. tiue days sped. jack was fairly established at avondale, and soon felt himself thoroughly athome. the major quickly discovered that in him he had a treasure, for although the subject of water storage and irrigation was one about which he knew a little less than he did of astronomy, and that was little enough in all conscience, still he was ready, pains. taking, and quick at learning and grasping the sanlient points of anything he studied or was shown. he was naturally clever, and had that optitude whibch stands in snobuch good stead of practical knowledge. not that his was a mechanical turn of mind, or that he had any special talent for engineering or science, pure or applied, hut he forced himself, if not to take pleasure in his now ocoupntion, at least to master the generalities and many of the details of the rubjeet. it was certainly a change for him, from the free and easy bohemian life ha had led as an agent without agencies in the bust. ling city ofi melbourno, to studying and work. ing out the intricacies of dynamo.hydrostatics, co.efieionts of friction, dams and earthworkls, evaporation, water cushions, races, flumes, and the other thoueand and one matters con. nected with the subject, in the wild mountain bush country of north gippsland. to say that it was congenial employment would be to say too much, but he was strictly eonsoicntious, and determined to be worth his salt, and the inejor, although himself in. olined to ride his hobby to death, was by no means a hard taskmaster. indeed, he not seldom insisted on jack's leaving his work, and going out flbshing, shooting, or riding with miyra burke, not unlrtquently, for a compaioeun. ana with the isualrgplt, whm( eld aoal4   i be the result? thrown into the constant society of a beautiful and charming gill in a quiet country houso, riding, walking, talking, singing with her, what else was to be ex pected ? nothing, save that which did hap. pen. jack lilley fell blindly, inextricably, unmistakably, overhead and cars in love with myra burke. not that he ever told her so, or even ever hinted at the passioe of his heart, whioh became day by day more and more all-absorbing. did sho know it? did she',dream of it? who can tell? women are wiser in these matters than men. they know when they are beloved by a kind of instinct. a thousand little trifl.s-a look, a sigh, a touch, a modu lation of the voice, inlalihbly teach the fine nervous sensibility of the woman the nn. spoken scorot, which to the coarser fibro of a man's mind would pass unheeded by. and so we may presume that myra burke was not unaware of the sentiments eho had raised in the heart of jack lilley. but never by word, look, or action did she reveal her knowledge of his secret. she was simple, frank, unaffected, charming, and gracious as ever. still, surely, it was very sweet to be beloved, and, even if nothing came of it, her heart could not but occasioually give a flutter of delight to think that she was adored by this young, handsome, gallant,'generous, and high-spirited man. ile who had knocked about melbourne as he had; who had soon ecores of beautiful women, and, -doubtlesa, had flirted with scores of others, to fall cap. live to the charms of amere country chitlike her. it was a delicious feeling,as any woman will tell you. and so the days sped, and expanded into weeks, and jack drank deeper and deeper of the sweet poison so temptingly offered to his lips, unwitting, in his blind intoxication, of the gilded web in which he was being inex tricably involved. the two used to take long rides through the bush together, ostensibly to visit the natural features and sights of the district-she, 'mounted on her little chestnut mare, and he on a big raking grey of the major's. sometimes, when he could be in duced to leave his soientifte studies, he would accompany them, but not often. hie knew tlhe young fellow was a gentleman, and trusted him without reserve. e ' ' sand so jack dwelt in his fool's paradise, unregardful of the evil day that must come, wrapped in his pleasant dream, and heedless oi the bitter awaking. i i d and myra, did she love jack ? that is a speunlation too deep for us to go into. when: a woman does not know her owwn heart, how should we? suffice it to say that with her knowledge of his dangerous secret, she pitied him, and shakespeare, who knew everything, has told us what pity is akin to. ( but one day, in the long hot summer, the end came. it was in the bright morning of a lovely day. they had taken a long walk to the lake where the black swans were, and. were returning along thoebush'track.n by' a sudden impulse both stopped at the fallen tree, on which myra waseeatod lwhen jak' first saw her. ' " do you remember this place, -r. iilley?" she asked, simply. jack felt a great surge of blood to his head as he answered, in a voice so hoarse and thick with emotion that he hardly knew it for his own, "do i remember? oh i gdd, do i re member? miss burke, myra, my own and only beloved, do i remember ? shall i ever forget?" . . it was done ? the bolt had fallen. the sweet deception in which they had lived was removedd,d for good or evil, they must now face the difficulty. . - ,; "mr. lilley," gasped myra. faintly, while her face became aehy pale, " what, oh what have you said." " " that which i would give the world to un say, but it may not be. no, i have spoken the truth. oh miss burke, myra, i: thought that, like the spartan boy, i could have let the dear secret of my love feedion my very heart strings, acd have made no sign, but sthe task was too hard for me. i know i am presumptuous. i know that it is ridiaolous in me, a graceless, penniless fellow, to dream of i aspiring to one worthy to mate with a king. the hard truth has been wrung'from me by an impulse i could not overcome. pray par. don me. see,' i ask your pardon in the dust. i know i am wrong, but i do love you so. i know that i may not hope to winyour love. let me go, i have stayed hero too long already for my peace of mind. let me go, i say, and at a distance worship at the shrine i date not approach." - "let you go," she said in voice hardly audible from emotion, "go whither ?" "away, anywhere, back to melbourne to new zealand, to india, anywhere, and carry with me in my shattered heart the one pure flame that shall bum in it while life lasts." -, "oh i mr. illey," she gasped, "do not talk so wildly. you pala me beyond mea sure." ' ' , "pain'you, my life, i, who would gladly die to save you a moment's pain or sorrow. let me only know that you forgive me, and i will hie mo hence,'and bide my folly, nay my mad presumption, eleowhere." ;" i-i-do not think therd is-very--very muoh-to forgive," she said, smiling through her tears. did he understandher? perhaps not. she would have understood him. but men only. ceason, women feel by instinct. "ah, but my darling-for i must call you so-there is. i have betrayed my trust.- i have acted dishonorably. your uncle has en. trusted you to my care, relying on my honor as a gentleman that i would not abuse his confidence.. i have dared to love you, that is nothing, that is my lory. but i have dared to tell you so, that is my shame. how think you i can face the good old man who has been so kind to me, after this. no, my duty was clear, to stifle this mad infatuation, and to have departed as i came, making no sign." -" yes," she replied in a low dreamy voice, " to have'departed as you came, and to have -broken-broken my heart." what words were these? to havedeparted an he came, and to have broken her heart. was it then, could it be possible that his feel. gea were reciproated? the thought was de lirium. he gazed upon her in an ecstasy of doubt and hope, and repeated slowly, "to have broken your heart 1" " need i speak more plainly," she asked. "then miss burke, myra, i am not totally indifferent to you ?" there was a quiet and pathetic dignity in her answer, it was simple and unaffected. she said gently " truth is best., i have loved you ever since i knew you. chapter v. r uv manv.ois q?ualt d'eaie. but, after all, what was to be done ? it may be all very well in transpontine plays, or in novels manufactured for the penny dread fule, but now-a-days gentlemen without a shilling to their name don't, as a rule, win wealthy heiresses and wear them, with no "with your leave," or "by your leave." nor do they go to the fathers or guardians of their inamoratas and say, " your daughter (or niece) loves me, and i loves she, so to our wedding you'll please agree." and so jack felt that although he had won the love of myra burke, he had but advanced one estge in the campaign. the brunt of the battle was still before him. he must, as an honorable man, face that worthy old fire. enater, the major, and, like a sensible follow, ho determined to have it out at once. major o'conell was seated in hil study, deeply immersed in an abtruso logarithmic oaloulation, as jack entered. "ah i jack," said he, for the major, had, like everybody elseo, fallen naturally into the habit of calling jack, jack, "you're just the man i wanted. you see, after finding the ; theoretical relocity of the head of water, by -. -'" -   extracting the equare root, i find the diea ebhrge from a vend-contracts, by multiplying the coefficient, decimal 97, into the velocity, that gives the veloeity of tllux, and that again multiplied by the area of the aperture give?-lhut what's the matter with you, jack, you look flurried ?" "flurried sir. well perhaps i am. might i aels you for five minutes' private conversa tion ?" "certainly jack. sit down. any bad news? take your time lad; don't hurry.' "sir, major o'connell, i trust that you will do me the juetice of thinking that i am neither unmindful of, nor ungrateful for, the kindness and consideration you have ever treated me with ?" " god bless my soul," said the major, star. ing at jack over his spectacles. ikindnecs and consideration, fiddlude-dee. what should i have done without you ?" " and yet, sir, were you to be told that i had hbetrayed your confidence, what would you say ?" " what would i say ?" "yes sir, what would you say?" " why, i'd say i didn't believe itl" " thank you, sir, and yet-it is true." " what the deuce are you driving at? i tell you i don't believe it.'' - "ihave done what i am afraid you;will consider a dishonorable action." "nonsense. don't tell me. a' man' who gives up his income to keep his mother and sictera from starvation, doesn't do dishonor able actioncs. i say, don't tell me. but what's the matter?" "sir, you have, sinceti have. been here, treated- me more like a son than a' paid ser. vant. amongs other things, you have con fided to my care your niece, miss burke." . "well, i have forgotten the fact that i was only. a penniless clerk, dependent on your bounty, and that she, in all probability; will be yourheiress;e have forgotten the disparity in our positions, and i-i have dared to love her." " •: " the devil you have i" ejasulated the ma~sr, jumping up'from his sea. " alas i alas i sir, i couldn't help it.". .'couldn't you ? well, i ruppose you couldn't, though.: and have you told her this flonetory?' . "lfor the first -time to-day. not half-an hour since.- it was forced from me. -i spoke on a sudden impulse, and the words escaped me before i know what i was saying." " and she, the baggage, what did she say 2" " that air, i would rather you had from her own lips." - - .- . , ".which. means, i supposo, that she's as much in love with you, as you pretend to be with her?" - - "pretend to be, oh sir, you are cruel." "am i? well are, then, or think you are?"--- - jack bowed in aoquiceense.'? -.the major roea, and marched to and fro in the room as it he had-been ion parade; mut toring, "a prettyvkettle of fish this is, and i a blind old fool, ought to have known it.' then stopping suddenly beforejack, he said" well, young fellow, and what do you propose to do now ?" - s" i propose sir, to ask you to relieve me of my duties, and let me go hence, for here i cannot stay and keep my peace of mind." " lotyon go hence? and where the deuce am i to replace you from? and those cal. culatione-oh i confound the calculations." : yes sir, let -me go hence, and'in time, a few years perhaps, when i have attained a name and a fitting position-for i will attain both-i will return and claim her as my wife." " add so you think my niece is to be kept waitling until. it suits you to claim her? mighty cool, upon my word." " she will wait, sir," ead jack, proudly. the major was gravelled. -dot he did not, as some elderly gentleman might lave done, fly into- a rage. on the contrary, he spoke gently, even .kindly, but not less firmly. " mr.-lilloy," he said, "i am very sorry for this, but it's too late for regret. i : am sorry for you,.. sorry for her, sorry for my self, but yes, you must go. i see that clearly. you must go, and forget this foolishness. don't interrupt me. my niece was -left to me a sacred charge by my dead sister, and - that charge i am bound to keep. no, it cannot be. " i have other views for her.-- when she marries she shall marry a man of equal or superior wealth or social position to her own. it not-by heaven, i'm not a hard man-but not a shillingof -mine shall go'to enrich any needy adventurer- " - : - '' s'that matter- weighs nothing with me, sir," said jack quietly, "it is herself i care for, not her money." "i dare say," returned the major sarastic. ally. " i dare say you think so now, but you know the old saying,. when poverty comes in at the door, love flies out of the window.' no," he added decisively, "it must- not, can not, shall not be. you must go, and at once. to-morrow morning early, - sullivan will drive you over to the township.- i will be up and see you off. - in the meantime, i trust to your honor not to see or communicate with. her again while you are under this roof. after then i shall know what to do." s" -you have my word sir; but pray do not be unkind to her." - i" i'm not an ogre, young man, nor yet a blue beard.'. while she is under my care, i am- maeter, when she is of age she can please herself,-but remember, not a shilling of my money will-i leave her should she marry with out my consent." :., ". and that consent, it is hopeless, isuppose, for me to ask." - - - " perfectly hopeless," - - and so the conference ended. s ochapter vi. "l'l?oaun pnorose, dien disrose." wvur a sage old proverb is that which tells us, "there's many a slip 'twixt the cup and the lip," and how true is it that we know not what a day or a night may bring forth. the day, a fearfully sultry one, with a hot wind blowing over the plains, wore on dis-. mally enough for poor jack, and it need hardly be said there was no mueioe that night. in fact, myra did not come down to dinner, and the evening passed without much at tempt at conversation between the two men. at ten o'clock jack retired for the night. on reaching his room he found a small drop of comfort in the bitter potion he had to swal low. in an envelope on the dressing-table was a ring looped on a bit of blue ribbon, and a scrap of paper, on which was pencilled, "love,-uncle has told me. i shall wait. god keep you.-myra." it was not much, but it was something; and he kissed it over and over again passion ately. me went to bed, but not to sleep, except in fitful and broken dozes. the olook struck eleven, twelve, one, two, three, another three hours and he must leave the place, the casket of his heart's treasure, for ever, it might be. the house was buried in a dead silence, nor was there a sound to be heard outside, exrcept the ocansional whistling of the 'possums mn the trees, and the solitary boom of a bittern in the swamp. but soft, hush, bark. a strange faint crackling sound was heard outside the door. it was nothing. yes, there it was again this time followed by a loud and prolonged scream along the corridor. he jumped out of bed, pulled on his trousers, opened the door, and looked out. therea was a suffocating rush of smoke up the passage, and a bright lurid light coming from the staircase. " fire i fire i 1" yes, the staircase and the top of the land ing was in a sheet of flame. one of the maids who slept in a room under the stairs had beeo reading in bed. she had fallen asleep, and, as was supposed, the long candle snuff had fallen on the paper she had been reading, and had set tbhe room on fire. at all events she paid for hier carelessness with her life. she had doubtless been suffocated by the smoke beflore the nre reanbed her, as she had made no alarm. aa has beeon said, the house was ofel wod,   the weather had boon sultry with a hot wind blowing, and the half-baked building burned like matohwcod. t-thb scream had come from the room occu pied by myra, who, being also awake, had heard the crackling, and smelled the smoke of the burning wood. "firel ire i i " small time for thought now. men shooting and swearing, women screaming, bells ringing, dogs barking, doors banging, the smash of breaking glass, and above all the ever increasing roar of the fire fiend, as hi came pouring up the open funnel of the stair acse and licking theyieldiog woodwork with bi ruddy tongue. the stairoaese was on fire, the landing was on fire, dividing the house into two parts, separated by a wall of flame. with the dexterity he had gained during his sailoring experience, jack ran from room to room, knotting the sheets, and shewing the occupants how to lower themselves from the windows to the verandah and thence to the ground. the major, who was not so active as he once had been, had slipped and sprained bie ancle, and lay groaning in a terrible plight. but the other end of the house, where myra * room was situated, what of that? what little wind there was, was blowing in that direction, and it was nearly enveloped in flames. jacu could not force his way through the sheet of fire, and had to descend by means of his own window. " myra i myra l " no answer. myra was'not there. had any one seen her? no. then she had not escaped. she was still in her own room with the fire breaking in on her. yes, there was her agonized white face at the window, showing out against the doll lurid light behind. and then it disap peared, samoment, and jack had, climbed up the verandah, had dashed in the casement, and leapt into the burning room. blinded by the thick smoke, he could see nothing, but found her crouched down near the window in a dead faint. , not one instant too soon, for the floor and walls were a mass of flame. snatching a counterpane and blanket from the bed, he wrapped the insensible girl in it, and fought his way back to the verandah with his lovely burden, a red tongue of fre darting after him out of the window as it furious at having been baulked of its prey. a score of willing arms were there to take the girl as e hgently lowered her, and then he descended, ks a part of the roof fell in with a terrific crash, cot, bruised, burned, and bleeding, but safe. reader, the story of jeak is finished. except l'e?vor. ldies may perhaps be interested in read ing the following, cut from a copy of the glppsland jlercurly, a month later. lml:bwy-bukxe . at st. - , sale, on the 14th march, by. the rev. josiah good. chap, john, only son of ferdinand frederick lilley, esq., of melbourne, to myrs, only sor. viving daughter of dosmond burke, esq., late of co. meath, ireland, and niece of major stephen o'connell (formerly 14th kings' own lancers), of avondale, gippsland.        4693		aline   chapter i   aline.   (all rights reserved.)   chapter i.   by "flax."   scores of frogs variously distributed over the steps that led up to the elevated veranda of the house on tongwarry selection obstructed os-   wald solwyn's ascent on his return home. some men might have kicked the reptiles careleseiy aside: oswald, respecting them as destroyers of cockroaches and other vermin, did neither, and, though at the moment in rather an abstracted frame of mind, he took heed to neither hurt nor destroy, as cauti ously he picked his steps upward. "plenty rain come up, plenty frog stop," jaid boymarry, the kanaka. "my word ! two big fellow snake stop longa there," he continued, indicating the vine-clad roof, " he plenty look out longa frog." "tea, bnake very good, he catch him rat; very gocd you no kill him snake," replied his master. "me think very good that fellow mary belonga you stop longa england. me think she no like'm bnake suppose she come longa this country. she altogether too much fright." wisely suggested the boy. "precisely my idea," muttered oswald, flinging himself into a "squatter's" chair, and sorting out the letters from bis saddle pouch, laying them aside one by one until he arrived at that which had occasioned his present perturbed state of mind. " ' ki-ki' bolonga you stop," for the third time announced the patient kanaka; but his master not replying he approached, and gased on a photograph held admiringly at arm's length. it was that of a lady in riding costume. "that sister belonga you?" inquired boy marry, though he knew perfectly well that it was identical with a dozen others scatter ed about the house. "no," absently replied oswald. "coucin, me think," modestly suggested the boy. "grandmother belong you, me think," laughed oswald. "it mary belonga you, me think,"' then announced boymarry with as much im portance as if reporting the discovery of a new continent. "yes, that mary belonga me. by-and by she come quick alonga ratoona. boy marry, suppose you want walk about longa ratoona to-night, you go quick, my boy. me no more want you stop." "me no walk about to-night. big fellow 'sing-sing* longa bush hotel to-night; plenty supper, plenty dance stop ; mrs. smith go longa hotel, very good me stop long look out," replied the boy as he descended the steps. oswald sat on, and lapsed again into deep thought, as through a blue haze of smoke he reviewed the situation. two years be fore a friend of selwyn's had returned to england, having made a fortune out of sugar-planting in north queensland. os wald had become interested, and had started thither, intending after investing his small fortune to leave his venture in the care of others, and to return within the' twelve months to claim his bride, and to resume his position at aston court, his wealthy uncle's home, where he was regarded as the future master. just then sugar-plant ing was "booming," but very shortly, with an adverse ministry in power, whose policy was paralysing in its effect on that industry, oswald quickly found himself left with two alternatives. the first was pleasant enough, but, in the strength of his manhood, not caring to say "die," he had decided on the second—that was, to hold on in the hope of tiding over the bad times. having duly announced his intention to his fiancee and his uncle, he bad rettled down to abide by the result of his spartan determination, when—behold ! the letter now lying be fore him stated that aline olover was al ready well on her journey to join him in queensland ! btrange to say, there had come this mall no letter at all from his uncle. instead of rejoicing, oswald was as yet feeling rather appalled, for though in the habit of regard- ing aline far away in her english home as one born to grace any destiny, it was not without perturbation that he now associated her with a future as a planter's wife struggling against difficulties. however, gradually he began to like the new aspect of affairs. so it was that by the morrow oswald was seeing everything quite of a rose colour, and in a fashion of his own remembering to keep holy the sabbath, sur rounded by books, letters, and papers on the vine-embowered veranda, the morning was gliding by pleasantly enough. an "every-body-gone-to-church" feeling per vaded the very atmosphere, partly owing perhaps to mrs. smith's continued absence at the bush hotel. the intensity of the silence seemed more deepened than brol n by the swamp pheasant's melancho r "whup—whup—whup—whup—whup " rlsl * from the heart of the distant scrub. suddenly the click of the opening gas aroused oswald from his dreams, whl '. away flew a butcher bird that had carol* i from the shady depths of the bamboos thi t overhung the entrance. involuntarily one associated the intruder arthur selwyn, with the rest of the summer morning's glory, so unmistakably handsome was he both in face and figure. one to be voted "a first-rate fellow," or a "bad lot," according to the nature or length of cne's acquaintance, was arthur selwyn. gener ally speaking he was too much on the move for the latter classification. net always so. old mr. selwyn had him off by bcait, and it was at his instance that arthur had lately followed oswald to s«ek a fresh start m life.   "glad to bee you back, old fellow," raid oswald from his hammock. "well, what is your opinion of bush life?" "that in comparison i am now re-enter ing paradise, and that is faying a lot. dry creeks, dead cattle with their heads bur ed in the mud, and native dogs devouring others still kicking; crows everywhere, and over all. by jove! they knew killing day at the station as well as the aboriglnep. yah! the festival of the slaughtered bul lock would form a study for a hogatth—tie animal hoisted on high gallows, eight-foot fences ornamented with nude blacks, crows everywhere, even to picking out the eyes of the animal on the.gallows; the lowing of infuriated beasts at the scent of blood, and around gum trees —everlasting gum trees." oswald laughed. "come along, you require a swizzle to set 'ou up, tbat is evident," he said. "how. is crushing getting on?" inquired arthur. "not so badly; pretty fair density. mine will be over in a week or so. then lam off to meet aline at thursday island." "aline! aline glover! good gracious! what may she be doing at thursday island of all places?" " 23rd september, is it not ? her steamer ought to be about aden to-day. yes, she—she has decided to come out to me. brave girl ! it is more than i dared ask." "well, with the old man's wealth a cer tainty, what the deuce do you mean by it all ? you've lost your money. well, what of that? better perhaps. but to think of bringing a girl like aline glover to share this treadmill existence!" and with a comprehensive but disdainful glance arthur included all, from the corrugated iron roofing to the distant cane-covered hills. "i met her but twice, yet i feet certain she is the last girl for this kind of life," continued arthur. "you make a mistake there, aline is just the one to love any change," replied os wald, a little conscience-stricken. "as a change, perhaps," dryly responded arthur. "wall, i suppose it is all right. but, oswald, why are you not on the spot to take over the ten thousand a year? . for with gout and old age curely the old man has on* foot well in the grave already." "only for this wretched depression in the sugar industry i might already have at tained independence apart from expecta tions ; and, anyway, i have been happy enough here on the whole to feel sorry when it comes to saying "good-bye, queensland." "those old buffers have been known to hang on a long time," mused arthur. "long may he. by the way, i have not heard from him this mail. strange! aline will perhaps, be the bearer of all the latent news, though." "comes laden with the old man's bless ings, eb? being the black sheep, lam rather out of all that." "i don't agree with you," briefly respond ed oswald. "well, at any rate my nature rebels againßt his forms of charity; more especi ally the last, which has stranded me amongst caneflelda and blacks. 'better to sink beneath the shock than moulder piece meal on the rock,' as i feel like doing." •' at any rate, he has named you as second lair to his property. so, if anything should happen to me, there you are." arthur's extensive, worldly experience aided him well when, without discovering bis emotion, he replied : " tbat is a thing i should require to see in black and white before believing." " then i can soon gratify you," replied his cousin ; " but don't calculate on your chances, for you see i have first to be got over." and he went indoors to seek cer tain, letters. setting his back against a post, arthur lounged along the top railing of the veranda and gazed meditatively into the pineapple patch below. already his vivid imagina tion was picturing possibilities. soon he was aroused from his dreams by oswald's voice saying : " here you are, old fellow." taking the paper in his hand, arthur non crlantly observed : •' your caneflelds do look promising, os wald ; even the ratoora have shot ahead since i left. you really ought to have a nice cheque in hand by the end of the sea son." " deducting expenses," laughed oswald, " i should say the result afbout represents an interview with my banker to ask for more advances, that's all." " right you are," said arthur, handing back the letter ; " i am none the worse for reading that. i feel a new man, in fact. to know one is not altogether branded as lost is something. now for some music. your lady fair, it is to be hoped, imports her own instrument." and arthur rattled over the keys of a dilapidated piano, pro ducing sufficient melody to prove him pos sessed of no mean skill. " ki-ki stop longa table," bh«ifly an nounced boymarry. "we are at boy carry's mercy to-day; but i have no doubt he has put on extra steam to meet the emergency. mrs. smith has not yet turned up from the bush hotel ball," ex plained oswald. " ha ! i saw several disabled-looking md lv duals soaking in the sun as i came by thevn this morning." " that is from aston court cellar," re marked oswald as he placed a bottle on the table. " bless bis memory! here goes, sans ceremony, butler, or corkscrew," said arthur as he deftly tapped off the top with the back of a knife. " a safe and pleasant journey to aline," innounced oswald, filling his glass. " coupled with the popular toast, " con nsion to sammy griffith," seconded arthur. " no, no ; we will have that all by itself, •aughed oswald. half-past 2, plantation time ! and it is my turn to see the service through at mungodualla church this after ioon. i say, arthur, let us see if we can urpriae an alligator later on. the boys »11 me there are two big fellows hanging *)out the mangroves at the mouth of cedar .reek. we can leave our horses in the scrub at the foo: ot bald hill and creep up on foot let me see—l can get service through and nmt you there by 5 o'clock." j'   " "rather a strong mixture for one afternoon, but i'm your man for the latter part." for plea sure of any kind arthur could alwayß be reckoned on. he was a skilled sportß man and certain shot, at home on tho cricket ground, and in demand equally for tennis or in the drying-room at the bugar- * mill, when by the aid of palm and fern decoration it became converted into a ball room. mungodualla church stood within an un stumped, log-strewn paddock, alongside a road that led away from the plantations into the wild bush. one might wonder whence the worshippers were to come, for no sign of dwelling was visible. but as the hour for service drew near, the dense gray-blue labyrldth of bush seemed to emit people from all sides. spring-carts, and buggies, and riders on horseback came out from the surrounding dark lronbarks, and from be tween the marble-like gum-trees. grouped around, the most devout and reverential amongst the gathering, lingered several kanakas, who, book in hand, glided into the back seatß, and, their heads the while forming dark grease spots on the pine boards, directed soft, luminous eyes to the preacher of the " by-and-by go longa hea ven, get him wing, no more work" doc trine. when service was concluded oswald turned his horse's head through uncleared paddocks, where clumps of poplar gum and belts of rich tropical scrub warned the farmer of the nature of the soil. he found arthur waiting him by the dense palm scrub. together they penetrated its depths, till, nearing the creek, they dis mounted, and there tying up their horses proceeded on foot. in a lonely spot, far re moved from t£e haunts of man, they came at last upon an alligator. their approach had been made with caution,' so that the huge reptile, basking in the afternoon sun, lay still as the logs strewn around, which indeed he very closely resembled. he was extended on a narrow bank that intervened between the creek and the muddy mangrove swamp, which afforded the sportsmen ample cover as they took stock of their saurian find. "his carcass shall be stuffed and forwarded to aston court; he is a regular boomer ; biggest i've seen about," whispered oswald, as, stepping softly^ forward, he parted the undergrowth. he was about to signal to his cousin to fire, when, apparently not satisfied, and evidently desiring to make sure that his aim should be deadly, he leant farther forward, and secured such a hold of an intervening branch that a clearer view was opened, but arthur, in the background, with his finger on the trigger, and thinking only of the rep tile, had perhaps not understood oswald's, intention. he fired, and, to his horror, saw his cousin fall, while the alligator glided slowly into the water untouched. it was all so sudden, the work of a second ; but neither so sudden nor cruel as the fiendish thought that immediately flashed through arthur's brain, and for a moment checked his heart's throbs. since the revelations of that morning, the pur port of his uncle-'* will had never been ab sent from arthur's thoughts, but not until now had one evil thought regarding his cousin entered his mind. yes ; oswald out of the way, he, arthur selwyn, would be heir to the old uncle's vast wealth. then arthur sprang from the boggy tide-washed spot, to all intents and purposes a murderer, within one minute of the time when he had stood there inspired by the love of sport alone. safe in the con viction that no human eye had seen him in company with his cousin that afternoon, arthur, rapidly reviewing the situation, saw little cause to apprehend danger in the future. even at the worst, it was worth chancing. without pausing to look at his work, he rushed from the scene, leaving the advancing tide and the merciless alligator to erase all sign of the tragedy.       chapter ii chapter ii. "hi! boymarry, come take him horse," called arthur on his arrival at tongwarry. but no boymarry responded. "boymarry! boymarry, indeed! then you need not be boymarrylng here abouts, for devil a sight of the hound is to be found on the premises. good for nothln' vermin ! and me wld my head all over achea and rheumatics and the like," cried mrs. smith from the kitchen door. â– " never mind, mrs smith, don't you trouble, my good woman, it will be all right." and arthur signalled to a group of kanakas at a little distance. a boy spring ing quickly over the fence was in a minute at his side. " boymarry no stop," tie said ; " he see mrs. smith come back, he clear out quick. he fright she too much row. he go walk about. me take'm horse." " very good. you been see master come along home yet ?" " no, he no come." replied the boy. " mr. selwyn not back yet, mrs. smith ?" repeated arthur as he entered the house. " no, sir. nor smith either. an' 'ere am i, a lone woman, and that feared with these dirty frogs, and snakes, and blacks that lam close up distracted. whist !" and with a rolled tablecloth which she was about to spread the woman swept, a big green frog off the table. " them's man ners, the brutes !" we need not dwell on arthur's feelings, nor attempt to describe how that night was passed. with joy he remembered that the last news of his uncle's health had been doubtful, and that oswald had stated that the late mail had brought no news at all. was no news good news ? of oswald he could only think as a dethroned rival, whose body was probably being tossed on the wild waves of the pacific, or dashed past recogni tion on hard boulders by the rocky point at the mouth of cedar creek ; or he shuddered at the very thought of the other possibility. arthur was ever careful to observe tho semblance of grief in the presence of others. the whole district had been thrown into a state of consternation when the news flew around that oswald selwyn bad suddenly disappeared. many and various were the causes assigned. though arthur was in defatigable in assisting in the search, he yet in an indefinite manner favoured the idea that oswald in low spirits had done away with himself. it was well known how unsuccessful be had been in busineãÿãÿ, and, though held in the higheãÿt esteem, every one admitted that his was a spirit of a sort that ill bears defeat. but oswald's disappearance waãÿ soon placed in quite a secondary position by the announcement that . the dorunda won id shortly arrive at thursday island with the lost man's bride on board, and every one began speculating on what the bride was like, and how she would bear her trouble, while some even indulged in mild jokes as to who might be oswald's substitute. mungodualla plantation, adjoining tong warry selection, was the largest in the dis trict. it was there that oswald was hav ing his cane crushed, a plan generally adopted by small farmers in that vicinity. it was commonly designated " the com pany," and was the property of a very wealthy syndicate, one of whose members resided on the estate as manager. close to the mill stood the bachelors' quarter*, where there generally mustered between fifteen and twenty officers in connection with the estate. most of these were young men. it will thus be seen that when any gaiety was t>n the tapis there was no lack of men to see it through. this was for tunate, for mrs. cassllls, the manager's wife, delighted in "keeping the ball roll ing." to take counsel with that lady in the -present emergency arthur went. it goes without saying that in this quarter arthur was a great favourite, more so than his more seriously- disposed cousin. " mrs. cassills, i want to consult you about miss olover. you are aware that she will shortly arrive here. do you think you could manage to receive her till her fresh plans are made ?" but mrs. cassills did not relish the idea of having " a kind of widow" thrown on her hands at a time when she was trying to get up some amusements. "humph!" exclaimed arthur. "to tell you the truth, mrs. cassills, i almost counted on your assistance. what am i to do ?" mrs. cassills suggested the clergyman's wife in town as suiting the case, and in quired what sort of a girl was miss olover. "well, i only know her slightly, but t think not exactly the kind to remain long a widow, as you choose to call her." " is she travelling alone ?" inquired mrs. cassills. " yesâ€”at least she has some kind of maid with her, an old family servant. i am thinking of taking a run up the coast to meet her. i may be of some help to her at the ports. but naturally on her arrival she would like to stay as near tongwarry as possible." " well, after all, there is a chance of her believing that oswald may yet turn up. when there is no proof positive to the con trary there is always hope.* so if she ts at all inclined to he cheerful we will be pleased to have her." " i see no harm in encouraging her in that belief ; it will at least soften things at the time a little," replied arthur. . alines last letter from oswald reached her at aden, and with it in mr hand she watched the peaked heights of djebel hasen change from purple to gray, and at last disappear in darkness and distance, as she still sat on dreaming of her new home in the southern hemisphere, and of the strange tidings which she bore her lover. for old mr. selwyn had unexpectedly mar ried, and had transferred to his young wife all that property which his nephew had been taught to believe was his heritage, and aline, finding that the old man hesitated to make known bis intentions to the absent oswald, had with quick decision arranged her plans, resolving that as far as lay in her power be should be spared any suffer ing which this change might entail, for she knew that for her sake more than for his own her lover would grieve over his altered fortunes. till tried by misfortune aline had by no means gauged the depths of her love for oswald, but she now felt herself equal to any amount of self- sacrifice. at thursday island she found letters which completely wrecked her happiness, and left her so stunned that she lay in her cabin, stricken and overcome, till her ar rival at ratoona. yet not until she was fairly installed at mungodualla, and sur rounded by scenes rendered familiar by oswald's sketches and vivid descriptions, dut she thoroughly realise her position.   chapter iii   chapter iii.   let us now return to that memorable evening when oswell selwyn was left for dead, and surrounded by terrors even worse than death.   oswald and arthur hnd- not. as tboy rup posed, gone alone on their alligntor- aboot ing excursion, and wbon that fatal bhot had been fired "ts results iwt boon wit nessed by other eve?. screened by in* dense scrub, but equally inferred in the sport, t^wo south sea islander* had with noiseless tread followed, id thither by tl'e same sport-loving instinct "hat had inspired the selwyns. it was from nc deceitful mo tive that their presence was concealed. boymarry, having overheard part of the conversation at table, and knowuik that in case an alligator was shot his help would be welcome in securing the prize, had. accom panied by his friend lotomart. arranged to be in the same vicinity. with bated breath and great glowing eyes ablaze with excitement, the two boys, hidden behind some bushes, had watched the movement* of the sportsmen with keenest interest. boymarry, slightly in advance of his com panion, had his eyes tixed on the humtrmen rather than the sport. noticing that his master's movement did not correspond wilh the attitude of arthur selwyn, who was evidently on the very point of firing, he glanced quickly from one to the o:ber. alas ! in that very second the dead wop. done, and boymarry saw his master fall forward. lo torn art, wholly engrosuocl in watching the reptile, saw with surprise that it escaped unhurt. for throughout the whole district arthur had the reputation ot being a crack shot. the boys otchancp'd astonished glances. what did it all mean ? their surprise was completed when, in stead of rushing to the assistance of the fallen man, they saw arthur walk from the spot. then a strange light dawned on boy marry. barely had arthur disappeared   than they approached, and found oswald to all appearance dead. " what for mr. arthur kill'ni master ?" exclaimed boymarry. "no fear ; he no kill him. oun belong him kill him. mr. arthur plenty fright, he run away," replied lotomart. • •• white man no kill'm cousin belong htm. my word ! he too much liko m that fellow," ho continued. boymarry, seeing üb* companion did-not— phare his suspicions, wisely decided to keep his own counsel at prewut. knrelliig quickly down beside the pr > icraio raau, he regarded him carefully, but at last, with a sad shake of the head, ho annouuc*d his verdict. " ife .lead. altogether finish. my word ! me plenty sorry." and, sinking on the ground in an attitude of despair, the faith ful fellow looked for the moment as if he would nover smile again. lotoaiert in his turn examined the body, and in a few minutes, with a seriousness of exfjresßlin worthy of the sagest m.d., au lounced : ' "he live ! suppose we stop'm too muck blood come, then me ° think he live alto get her." " yes ? you think he live ?" exclaimed boymurrv with as much animation as if 'ne hud rlready taken a fresh lease of hope. springing to his feet, he ? set to work t~> examine the body again. " tes. he 'no dead, but close ip, suppose we no look out 4uick." " what we do alonga him. ? you think very rood' me go get him dr. roberts ? no ? me think very good me go longa muiif cdualla tell'm mr. arthur he live." " no, that no good," replied the cautious boymary. , ' ' " you think mr. arthur quick run gei'm doctor ?" "he no go get doctor. me think ha no come back at all," replied boymarry. then, ' aft or a n '/mer.t's consideration, he add?) 1,. " m" think' very good we no get him white fellow doctor. very good we get'm tomatl. he plenty savvy. close up all same doctor. six year he help'm dr. roberts long look out boy longa palm plantation ! my word ! he good fellow doctor. "me think dr. roberts more better,' rarststcrt lctcmart. but boymarry, determined to serve bis ninfrter to the best of his power, nodding tta head rapaciously, argued : " me think t-itppose mr. selwyn die, thsn everybody say we been kill him. i think mr. arthur say we been kill cousin belong him altogether. he plenty fright long people nay ho been kill him. me think he say he no teen see cousin belonga him alt dtty.lonk after dinner." '• no fear ; mr. arthur no tell he. wttue gentleman no icll lie." " suppose he sick longa belly belonga him, then viy good get him dr. roberts. suppose ho shot longa gun then tomatl plenty savvy, lie been help'm dr. robert * look out plenty boy been shot, plenty spear, plenty been;cit* longa tomahawk. suppose tomatl look cut he get well, very good ; then m.r pflwyu tell we no been kill him. h" nay wo rood boy alonga him. bupppse he dtc " bu*. poor boymarry could not flnlwh this conjecture. convinced of the wisdom of boymarry's pol'cy, lctnxnart started off, and in a' verr short tlmft i'cmatl was standing over his pntiont and i-rcuounclng his opinion. " hv-andby he get better. my word ! shot close up go longa heart belong htm. hui think by-.iiid-by. me make him all right/ lototnarc was then sent to procure a bottle of brandy and other necessaries, and in tain rbtulice tomati was posted up in all particulars, hr.ymarry thinking it well to conflde tn the medical attendant his sus picions that, though arthur selwyn had never meant 1c hurt his cousin, yet, for pom a private reason, after the accident had happened lie must have intended that he should |k?rlsl« where he lay, and that he, boymarry, thought it best for all con cerns! that bis master should be nursed in secret till sufficiently recovered to use his ovn diewetlon. in the meantime they night match mr. arthur and see what m-as to be made out of his future movements then. i«*nting to the spot where oswu'd wd' fallen, and where already the incoming tide was tanning high amongst the man groves, he said : " suupose lotomart and me no stop look out ullipator ho come along, then plenty water come drown him long time ago." trf>tomart; returning, deposited a bottle of brandy on the top of a stump. toraatl ppaneri tin bottle, and put a spoonful to the lips ?>r ih«; unconscious man. oswald opened hi] erf' t>r a moment, but «toned «hrm acatn with a fatnt sigh. on a sheet of bark the three kanakas bore him to tomati's residence. tomatl was a "ticket boy," which was tantamount to "coming over with the con queror." the ministry, who had pro nounced south sea labour "slavery," bad, with befitting justice. issued a mandate that any boy who had been in tho colony seven years, and applying within three months, should get a ticket that would make htm "all same whitefellew roan." but those who did not apply should remain "kanaka all time." tomatl was one of the fortunate boys who happened to hear of this in good time. he was a bright, clever fellow, and had become handy in various ways, for it was now many years since he had come over from his palmy isle. at present he was care taker on a selection, where he had built himself a comfortable home. it was wholly composed of dried grass, carefully thatched to a framework of saplings. the interior was the perfection of cleanliness and order. the walls were gay with texts and almanacs, and the floor was spread with matting. it was roomy and partitioned, numerous bun ira in the farther apartment evidencing his hospitality. some fruit trees were planted about, among which were flower bpds flecked around with white shells gathered from the adjacent beach, a large sweet potato patch, and a bed of pineapples, while a fence of perpendicularly arranged branches fenced off his dies and fowls. tomatl now set himself to applying all his skill to oswald's case, and together the boys held a consultation v to ways and means. lotomart, being an agreement boy at mungodualia, could only spare time to   help at night and on sunday*, but boy marry, also a ticket boy, announced ills intention of giving a week's notice at tong warry. for he felt that life there would be unbearable with arthur for his master. "me come help longa mr. oswald alto gether," he said. "suppose you want'm money, me got plenty;" and he drew from his pocket a graasy-looking savings bank book, and, looking into its pages, an nounced, "me been have forty-seven pound longa bank; me been take'm out three pound ten shilling longa race time; now me got " and he hesitated. "you got'm forty-three pound ten shilling stop longa bank," explained tomati, taking the book from him and quickly elucidating matters. "me got'm little f«how money. me give him altog " "oh! that all right alonga money, my boy," raid doctor tomati, interrupting poor lotomart's generous proposal, and dismtas ing the subject with 'quite a magnificent wave of his hand. protected from mosquitoes by a net, and altogether made as comfortable as possible, oswald waa carefully tended by his sable doctor. at first all promised to go well, but, after a few days, fever set in, to over come which taxed all tomati's resources, and only that ho had become more than ever convinced, from out-of-door informa tion, of the desirableness of maintaining silence, tomati would probably have called in medical aid to his assistance.       chapter iv chapter iv. arthur, on their, arrival at ratoona, having seen aline safely into mrs. cassills's care, started for tongwarry, happy in the belief that in his baddle-pouch, which con- uined the english mail, he would at last, as oswald's representative, find some com fort after all his late sufferings. since the firing of that fatal shot he had never felt so completely hlmsolf. even the face of nature seemed brighter, and, touching up his horse, the clumps of young box through which he cantered appeared to turn to him a phalanx of merry laughing faces as a light wind raised their round leaves up wards and shook them in the merry sun shine. coming down the coast, though watchful of aline, he had managed to secure but a few brief interviews, for the poor girl was prostrated with grief. thus it was that arthur was still in complete ignorance of his uncle's late movements. knowing the regularity and vpluminousness of the correspondence that old mr. selwyn, mind ful of the day when aston court must past into oswald's possession, insisted on keep- ing up with ms absent nephew, it was with considerable satisfaction arthur row handled the bulky letter addressed in that gentleman's handwriting. "the vain old buffer has been photo graphed again," thought arthur as he tested the contents of the letter before open ing it. but the picture he withdrew from the envelope was that of a young and beautiful woman. his surprise thereat was only surpassed by his dismay on perusing the accompanying letter. now was fully explained the reason that the last few mails had brought o-bwald no letters. marrying, not dying, as arthur had fondly hoped, .tc counted for the silence. aline already, the writer presumed, had broken the news to his former hoir. the letter was only in tended to further explain matters, and he proceeded te state that though oswald was uo longer in his former position! yet the writer ftill adhered to his previous inten tions regarding alines portion. conse quently on her was settled sufficient' to secure an income of five hundred per an num. fortunate it was for arthur that there was no one by to witness his agony, the traces of which, when later on he called en aline at mrs. cassills's, only bore further testimony to hltâ» grief over his cousin's dis appearance, reawakened by sympathy with the sad aline. hoping to obtain some distraction for poor. aline, mrs. cassllls one afternoon pro posed that her husband should take them through the mill, where crushing .was now 'in full twlng. arcending the steps leading to the vacuum pan floor, they met arthur, when for one brief moment, while greeting him, alines fair face lost its sadness. later, accompanying her homeward, and finding her inclined to be interested in the kanakas, he proposed a visit the same evening to their school. mrs. cassllls, though not personally interested in this mission work, willingly accompanied aline to the large shed used for that purpose. it was furnished with forms and desks, ftc, and about the walls were hung maps and pictures. the novel sight seemed to please the girl, and soon her sweet voice was blending with the islanders' even tones in the hymn with which the evening's proceed ings opened. their herculean efforts to master pot-hooks and letters interested her, and she soon found herself absorbed in assisting two boys who were seated rather distant from the blackboard. ask ing one of them bis name, be replied: "me lotomart, belong same island boy marry." "lotomart, you are a very good boy, and you will soon write if you try as hard as you are doing," said aline as she turned over the leaves of the book from which they were learning. on the front page she came on the boy's name written in os wald's well-known hand, and involuntarily her tears burst, forth afresh at the sight. "mr. selwyn been write name longa that book; he plenty come along school," bald the boy. just then mrs. cassills suggested that they should return home. after their departure the two boys, bending over their slates, ex changed their impressions of mr. selwyn'b "mary." "my wonl? miss glover nice fellow girl," said lotomart. "that mary belonga mr. oswald?" in quired the other. ! "yes, all same. she nice lady. me think she cry too much long mr. selwyn no mere â«top." later on in the evening, when seated on some logs by tomati's humpy, in company with the latter and boymarry, lotomart spoke very feelingly on the subject, and in* quired if oswald bad been told of the ar rival of miss clover. "yes," answered tomati. "we been tell "all int " a garden faib." "be still, "i near hia footfall's music, mt heabt, l ftrt "â– awb_a_oi near i" he comes!" him altogether. he very sorry longa her, because she plenty think him dead. but ho say very good we no tell her he all right; no tell any one anything. he i,ay we very smart boy longa no talk. bime by he quite well, then he plenty speak longa mary belonga him, alonga every body." during the silent watches of the long nights oswald had often thought and thought it all over aga.in. what had been hiãÿ cousin's motive ? why had he bo brutally deserted him? suddenly he re membered the information he had himself given arthur that morning in reference to their uncle's will. in a flash the motive for his conduct crossed his mind. he ex horted the boys then to continue their wise course of silence until he was able to get about, but implored them in the' meantime tc keep him furnished with every crumb of â€¢nformation with regard to aline, and also nt his treacherous cousin's movements. his they readily complied with, more es pecially regarding allno, for whom openly they expressed their admiration, and they consequently became .very regular attend ants at the evening school in hopes of meet ing the beautiful, sad young -lady who seemed always to have . a kind word . for them notwithstanding her troubles. one evening, oswald being much better, tomati left him in charge of eedooie, an old friend of his, while; he went to ratoona on buslcess, the other<bbyãÿ having already â€¢ departed for school. . wearying of his own company, oswald presently addressed his conversation to the boy. it goes without saying that it soon turned upon aline, and the boy was easily led to tell all he knew, or had beard of her, innocently observing: "me think mr. actttur plenty look out longa her. he plenty walk about longa her." oswald's face darkened. after this, daily, and unknown to the "other boyãÿ, he questioned the innocent eedooie regarding arthur's movements, and alines as well. he felt certain that, if there was any truth in the boy's report of arthur's attentions to aline, tomati and boymarry would never even mention tholr nameãÿ togethor in his hearing. that evening aline waãÿ again at the school. hearing boyroarry's name called, she remembered it at once as having been often mentioned in oswald's letters. tak ing him aside she eagerly questioned him regarding his late master. under this cross-examination poor. boymarry felt very uncomfortable indeed. knowing that os wald was alive, and rapidly getting strong er, the girl's teara unnerved him, and he narrowly escaped letting the.truth slip from .hi! hpe. later,; discussing the situation with his friends. iãÿoymarry gave it as his opinion, "no good let miss glover too much cry. suppose she too much talk longa me, then me forget to remember mr. selwyn no more live." it was then decided between them that they should take aline into their confidence one evening, as the sun was sinking amongst golden clouds, aline was standing under the shade of the banyan and palm trees that densely clustered about the ap proach to the bridge that spanned the river when tomati and boymarry approached. tomati having first tapped the ashes.from out of his pipe and hung it through his ear. where already were- suspended a dozen or> two tortoiseshell haupins and other odds and endãÿ, next addressed aline in orthodox j'orm : . ' " good day, miss glover, you quite well ?". . " yes, thank you, tomati, i am quire well," replied aline. . .; " me think you rood fellow lady, you no tell lie ?" he continued^ "i am not good, but a. do not .tell lifts,"' replied aline. ; . the boys exchanged and boy marry, tripping up a.pebble under his big toe, bent it flying some yards behind him, as with serious deliberation he inquired : " miss glover, you >swear-?" "no, ceriuinly i do? not swear," replied the astonished girl. ; . . " he mean you swear longa bible, say all same oath," explained. tomatl " oh ! yes, i would swear to anything be ing false or true.'f . . tomati, coming: closer, asked in a whiâ« per : " suppose me tell you something loitga mr. selwyn you swear you no speak longa tell any cm- ?" the girl gave a startled glance at the two kanakas, but their honest dark faces quickly convinced her that no trifling was intended. so she â«aid simply : " i swear." no sooner had the oath passed her up* ' than tomati delightedly announced : , .< " mr. selwyn no dead, he altogether lfcre." then they proceeded to tell her as mucft as they considered advisable of the affair, omitting arthur's name, of course, but stut â€¢ ing that mr. stlwyn, for certain reasons that he did not wish made known, bad made them promise not to divulge the truth until he was well enough to get about ; that they, being sorry for her, and frightened thai they might forget themselves when she spoke to them, had agreed that, unknown to ' oswald, she should bhare the secret if she first gave the required oath to keep silent. - grasping for support the rail against which she leant, .aline listened to the strange â€¢ news, barely â€¢ catching the purport of their tale before she demanded to be taken to her lover. "yes, me take you, but very good you no speak," replied the indulgent -tomati. <" very good you look longa window, keep very quiet." " only let n.e see him ! let me know that he lives !" cried the excited girl. " i promise you that i shall not speak." then tomati, pointing to a belt of scrub nearly two miles distant, inquired if she thought she could walk so far. unmindful of the distance and the lateness of the hour, aline answered by turning in the iliiction indicated, boon proving horeclf as ufuh of foot as her nimble companions the laãÿt rays of the departing sun were lingering on the amber-tinted straw ex terior of the humpy when tomati, warning her to remain perfectly quiet outside, stepped within, and gently opened the wooden shutter which faced the sick man's bed. peeping through, aline had once again the joy of beholding the man for whose sake she had braved so much. tomati in a whisper informed her that oswald had that day (or the first time been out for a little while in the freãÿh air, and was consequently sleeping unusually soundly, and of thlãÿ information aline took immediate advantage, for before tht boy realised her intentiona she had slipped round the building, and he saw her from the window bend over her lover's bedside and gently touch his forehead with her lips. the next minute she was back beside him. " my word ! he close up wake," whispered tomati with an air of severe disapproval, checking her from again approaching the open shutter. " just one glance more, tomati, and i. am gone," implored aline. but when again her loving eyes rested on oswald she saw that he was disturbed, and tossing about. suddenly she sprang aside, half-conãÿcious, of having seen his eyes partially open. then, turning away, she directed her steps homeward, never pausing till the bridge was reached, and she was again resting under the banyan's shade. there shef lin- - gored, and, checking her exuberant spirits, she devoutly raised to heaven a prayer of thanksgiving as she contrasted her present feelings with those of one short hour .ago. - ah ! how pleasantly the present contrasted with the dark, bad past. a wan that aline had wandered off by nerbelf, and wisely concluding that the girl desired solitude, arthur nevertheless had kept watch by the bridge, knowing that she must return that way. it was his step that intruded on her solitude. " i shall see you home, miss glover. i do not like you being out so late, especially on saturday night, when so many kanakas are knocking about." " kanakas \ i am not afraid of ?them," exclaimed the girl in a voice which, though sobered by prayer, sounded strangely bright. " well, we have any amount of other nationalitiesâ€”cingalese, javanese, chinese, aborigines aie all here. besides, . some english girls would at this dusky hour im agine every log an alligator and every stick a. snake." - " well, in spite of dangers i feel .ever so much better for my walk," she said. * " yes, there is nothing like active exercise for soaking off depression. . you used to be fond of riding ; suppose you let me take you for. a canter on the beach to-morrow . morning. sunday is my own." â€¢ ' " delightful !" exclaimed aline, "i should like it beyond everything." . â– â– -.. arthur marvelled to hear a woman so. lately overcome, with grief speak so mer rily, but, remembering his early impression; of allne's character, he smiled sardonically under cover of his heavy moustache, and in hit heart liked her the more for it. so noticeable was the change in aline that thtt very evening mrs. casstlla, taking fresh heart about her theatricals, said : " miss glover, i am trying, to get up some private theatricals and tableaux." i think we might manage to have them, this day week. securday suits the gentleman best, especially during the crushing season,". -<. . "how nice !" exclaimed aline ; "" i shall be quite in my element assisting." "yes,, we can't afford to mope in these new oouãÿtr'eãÿ,' 1 chipped in mr. cassllls. . " work, work, or play, those are our lines." " poor - arthur selwyn wants cheering, -too ; he has'been very depressed lately,'''ob serv*d..miti. cassills. " ah, yes,.poor*fellow !" sighed aline-in wardly regrettfttjk-that she was not auowgff to share with him her good news. /' he has been so good to me, tdb:*''v . - ?.. -â– mr. canstl!* rose, ana, picking: up a little forked stick, he rapidly revolvejh.it b&wfmi;, :. his palms in a tumbler containing sottie'" mungodualla rum. . â€¢ â€¢"* " this is a regular ratoona swizzle, mis* glover, and not at all a bad drink," he said, but already aline was smiling good nights from the door. . â€¢-â– .., .. ; " i am off," she said, " to dr*im of my, delightful morning's ride." it never occurred to the poor*girl that her cheerful manner might' be mtscon . strued, but when she had retired, glad at last to he alone, to gaze from her window towards the distant scrub where tomatl's hut stood, mr. cassills, sipping his swizzle, observed : v " that shows what .women areâ€”off with the old love, on with the new. well, my dear, it is what you; would ,be doing your-, self if i gave you the chance, i suppose." " then don't,!' briskly replied his wife. " thank goodness she' is done- with moping. arthur was rightabout hereafter all ; she is notrthe kind that would .be lons â€¢ widow." iffiat same evening gadpole,': posting up oswald in the latest news. innocently in formed him that " miss olover and mr. arthur plenty walk about last night, plenty talk, laugh. my word! me think mr. arthur plenty llke'm mpia glover. boy belonga millyard been tell ' to-morrow morning they get him horse go ride longa beach."   chapter v chapter v. tomati's humpy was but a short distance from the coast. oswald, guessing that the equestrians would not start before the sea breeze got up, with eedooie's aidâ€”having first despatched the other boys on differ ent missionsâ€”rose from his bed, deter mined personally to verify, the suspicion which was to him the bitterest of all his trials. together they penetrated the scrub till they reached a hillock through which the path to the beach was cut. taking up his position on the high bank and com pletely screened from view by the dense foliage, oswald gazed down an avenue of palms, but as yet there was no sign of any one. then he dismissed eedooie. say ing that he would find his own way home. presently he thought he saw them in the distance. then again they were lost to sight behind intervening timber. yes, there was now no mistaking them. alineâ€”the girl from whom he had parted with vows of eternal faith, to whom he had committed his life's happiness â€” was riding withâ€”smiling into the face of the man who had left him so cruelly to his fate. oswald, grinding his teeth with impotent rage as these thoughts surged through his brain, asked himself if it would be a crime to slay so vile a monster on the spot. pos sibly he would have been tempted to do bo had he then possessed the means. they approached. aline was looking her very beãÿt, and evidently in exuberant spirits ; arthur, with undisguised admira tion on his face, was bharing her mirth. they were now within arm'b length of hib ferny screen. he even caught a few of their remarks. then they were lost to view as they cantered off over the shell strewn strand. supporting himself against a quandong tree, oswald flung to his feet the book which, as a blind, he had brought with .him. half-dazed, he felt for the time unfitted to form a resolution or shape a course of action. he knew' not what 'time had passed when again the sound of horses' feet recalled him to the present. straining forward he saw aline and arthur returning, and that below him in the cool palm scrub shade a group of kanakas had assembled. the islanders were picturesquely grouped around, some perched on a little rustic bridge that spanned a fern- clad stream running through the scrub, others reclining about. all were gaily attired, and laden with provisions. aline, with her usual ap preciation of the artistic and humorous, had upon seeing them reined in her horse. dis playing white teeth, several smilingly bid the equestrians " good day." " me think you going to hav'm big fellow ki-ki," said arthur, desiring to draw them out. for aline.'s diversion. " yes, big fellow ki-ki sit down. lack bora been give close up thirty pound long feast. he buy four fellow pig long " began a fine- looking boy. "he buy plenty chucky-chuck long 'jimmy chinaman," interrupted a loquacious old " mary" ; three fellow sheep, bread, gingerbeerâ€”altogether too much ki-ki stop. by-by we moke'ra hole, put pig stop, put'xn hot atone long - cook'm pig. my word ! that very good fellow ki-ki." " oh, arthur, look ! what is it ?" cried alice in a voice of alarm. a boy was seen advancing whose contribution to the feast was seemingly of a cannibalistic nature. over his. shoulder hung a pair of moleskin trousers, containing what appeared to be a pair of well-developed legs, minus feet, in stead of which* the ends were tightly tied, and stained as if with blood. v that tomato that fellow got longa mole skin?" grinned the old mary, observing alines consternation. " that fellow," nod ding towards another, "got 'em jam. by by put 'm yam, banana, tomato, longa pig. my word ! very good kl-kl that fellow make." "this fellow mr. selwyn close up new chum," condescendingly observed an old kanaka, â£* he nodded toward arthur. "yes, lie big fellow new chum," laughed aline, venturing â©a a display of local lingo. " by-by be all same other fellow mr. selwyn. â€¢my word ! mr. oswald nice fel low man. me plenty sorry he die, no more stop." " me think very good by-and-<by you marry 'mi this fellow mr. selwyn," called the old mjtry to aline, as with a vulgar giggle, probably acquired from intercourse with a white mistress, she shouldered a huge bunch of .bananas and trotted on. 1 "behold your fate !" cried aline, looking â€”boldly it appeared to oswald â€”up to her companion, and merrily laughing. " who is.more to be pitiedâ€”you or the other mr. selwynâ€”l wonder ?" the leaves above rustled, and in his wrath oswald almost hissed aloud. "me think bandicoot stop," cried a "mary," looking upward. .'.>" heaven could have no better fate in â– tore," eaid arthur with conviction in hu tone and. admiration in his glance. â€¢ but aline, wholly absorbed in the happy dream of almost immediate reunion with her lover, and unconscious of arthur's feel- ings towards her, replied lightly : . '.' what would oswald say to that, were ..-â€¢ â€”â€¢" but hastily checking her foolish .utterance she coloured with confu sion, which she tried to conceal by â€¢ interesting herself in the kanakas. "arthur, they want to know if we would ki-kl a little bit pig ?" she laughingly said, turning from a warrior at whose feet lay, ready dressed, the animal in question. "oh, i dare say i could manage even that, were you to share the feast, miss glover." "very well, i shall try you. where are you going to cook him ?" she asked the boy. " close up longa lagoons," he replied. " all right, by-by we hear 'm music we come," acquiesced arthur. " they appear to be enjoying their sun day quite as much as we are," said aline as she touched up her horse. oswald and arthur had both seen the girl's former blush and look of confusion, but, as it happened, neither had caught her words ; so each interpreted it by his own light. arthur felt encouraged to utter in a sub dued voice words that aline could no longer misconstrue. again colouring, she gently replied : " arthur, you must not speak thuãÿ. walt one week. ah ! perhaps two " 'but oswald heard no more ; almost shud dering with disgust, he clasped his hands before his face, and effectually shut them out from his sight, and when he had re covered sufficiently to again look out they were gone. with clenched hands and contracted brows he cursed alines faithlessness even more than his cousin's treachery. yet it was in vain that he tried to dismiss a vision that had come to him on the previous afternoon, and that would still persist in obtruding itself on his savage thoughts. it -was a vision of aline, with flushed cheeks and loving eyes, gazing on him as he had lain on his bed inside tomati's grass humpy. he had even felt her soft lips kiss his brow ; and yet again, between him and the dazzling sunãÿet, an other fading vision of her sweet face had appeared by the wooden shutter, and then he had become wide awake, and found it all a dream, but a dream that would return to haunt him in spite of all. such a morning's excitement was not good for him, and he suffered a relapse.   chapter vi chapter vi. throughout the coming week arthur saw a great deal of aline. apart from the other advantages that a marriage with her would secure him, he was now completely in love with the girl, who was now more her old self. though entering actively into all mrs. caasllls'b preparations, she managed to get news from tomati's humpy daily, sometimes oftener. among her numerous cases from england was one packed from the army and naw stores, which, besides her wedding cake, contained a large assortment of choice "good things." thus it was that oswald was often puzzled to know whence came the delicacies served him. but tomati, equal to the occasion, replied: " my word ! plenty good thing stop long store longa ratoona ; close up christmas come." with various entertainments in the even ings, and excursions into the beautiful tro pical bcrubs by day, the week sped quickly for the guests at mungodualla. arthur and aline were united in their efforts to make saturday evening's entertainment a success. indeed, so busy was the former that he allowed the tongwarry portion of the eng lish mall, now robbed of all interest, to lie all morning neglected. on his return he carelessly opened the saddle-pouch, and was about to content himself with a glance at the local papers, when the black border of an envelope, addressed to oswald, caught his eye. he tore it open. having read it, he eagerly and in an excited manner sought out another. it was a lawyer's. he read and reread it. and then he knew that, after all, it was not for nothing that he had imperilled his soul. old mr. selwyn and his bride were both dead. they had gone to rome for their honeymoon, and there the latter had con tracted fever, which terminated fatally. a few days later the old man followed her. dancing had started before arthur, in thorough command of his feelings, and look ing his very best both in dress and spirits, arrived at mungodualla. in the dim twi light tne front veranda looked like a fairy bower. it was, however, completely de serted, for the company consisted almost wholly of young people, all dancers. ap proaching a leafy screen that partly sepa rated a long side veranda where the dancers were assembled, arthur' parted the leaves and gazed through. it was a pretty scene. from the celling hung clusters of red and green berries, and many varieties of fern; and amidst a luxuriance of tropical foliage and palm leaves that decorated the walls were entwined the gay leaves of the acalyphas and many bright flowers. fairest and brightest amongst all present was aline. following her movements, arthur realised how incomplete bis happi ness would be without her. never doubt ing her consent, he resolved that together they should immediately quit the district, now rendered hateful to him. there should toe no delay. with wealth, such as was now his portion, they need but laugh at ra toona's opinion of them and their actions. thoroughly posted up in all these doings, oswald too bad resolved to be present as an invisible guest at the evening's enter tainment. from the shelter ol a densely follaged mango he could dlfttnctly see all that was passing within tnâ» house. a minute later two mungodualla bachelors ap proached and discussed aline, at. they watched her from a corner of the veranda. " pretty enough, heaven knows," said one. " but to think that a fine .fellow like oswald selwyn should have been fated to marry such a woman. made a lucky es cape, in my opinion,'- s*ld thâ» other; â€¢ " well, you will admit that â«he is no hypocrite ; she shows' her colours plain enough." -._.., "ha ! here comes the new love. bet it is his waltz again." " yes, you are right ; there, they are oft. well, i must look up my partner." and the two men separated. when the waltz was over there were heard other voices coming from the' same spot. oswald recognised them at once, only too well. arthur's voice was low and inaudible, meant only for his companion's ear, but through tho vines his face was plainly visible, and its expression heightened os wald's rage and jealousy. aline too was in view, though the beau tiful eyes were turned with coquettish in difference away from her companionâ€”away towards the distant scrub, her thoughts with the lover whom she believed to.be sleeping in the grass-made hut within the shade of the scrub. though arthur's wards sounded soothing in her ear, she was really scarcely heeding them. she was already out of patience with the delay, and though she knew oswald was being thoroughly cared for, she yet felt that ho must more rapidly improve were he in her care. "aline, i have had strange news to-day," were arthur's next words, beard distinctly enough. " yes ? i hope for your sake, arthur, that it is good news." " good for meâ€”and good for you, i hope, though sad enough." " really ? do tell me." and aline, fairly interested, turned smilingly to him. "my uncle and his wife are both dead, and after all the fortune is not lost." " oh, arthur, how delightful ! but noâ€” oh, i did not mean the news of their deaths, for i dearly loved oswald's uncle, and i am very, very sorry to hear anything so terrible; but to know that after all the fortuneâ€”os waldâ€”no " " but what ? ah ! aline " " miss glover, this is our dance," said mr. cassilis ; and something important arthur was about to say was interrupted. " yes, so it is ; but you must excuse me, i mean to dance no more to-night. i have just been hearing sad news. but, mr. selwyn, we will not let it prevent us from going through our tableau. ah, what joy it all means for me. i would never have made a good man's wife. don't you agree with that ?" and with a light laugh aline turned and was gone. maddened with rage and jealousy, oswald so loudly denounced every one, and aline in particular, that but for the music and dancing he would certainly have been over heard. it was at this moment that boy marry and lotomart appeared, having dis covered oswald's absence from the hut and followed him. fiercely turning on them, oswald, in a loud voice, demanded : " why did you not leave me where i fell ? the tideâ€”even the alligatorsâ€”would have been more merciful than that woman !" " what woman you talk along ?" ex claimed boymarry. " you speak long miss glover ? you say she all same alligator ? my word ! no fear. she nicefellow mary. "the watched pot neveb boils." she very, very good. she no all same alli gator !" " yos. you like 'ni mary belonga you laugh, dance, plenty sing, suppose she think you dead ? you like him plenty talk longa other fellow man ?" demanded oswald with indignation, calmed by conviction. " ml3s glover no think you dead," replied boymarry. .'â€¢ no fear ; she know you plenty live," corroborated lotomart. " lotomart and me been tell her you live. yes, we been tell her," repeated boy marry with a wise nod of his toeas. . " she .^ome longa mungo dualla first time, ,*he think you alto gether finish, then- she plenty cry-r<ry all day. then she come along school. she sing hymn. oh ! very nice she sing hymn; then she talk longa boy; plenty ask boy longa you. then she cryâ€”too much cry. lotomart me no like it. we bay no good che too much cry. then we talk longa her; make 'm swear she no talk suppose we tell l\er alonga you. we tell her you no dead, you live, close up get well. she say, 'where mr. selwyn. slop ?' take me alonga him quick.' we take her; she plenty run. she look alonga window plenty. then she go quick alonga room ; she kiss you longa head belong you. every day she want come along you. but lotomart tell her no good; you too much walk about. every day she plenty want know all about you. she send 'm cake, plenty wine, jelly, nice thing â€¢he got lon^ga box belong her. then she laugh, sing plenty, no more cry. we no been tell her we think mr. arthur bad fel low man ; we no talk alonga him. â– all time she think he plenty sorry long you dead, no more come back. she plenty sorry he not know you live." no sooner bad boymarry concluded this long harangue than oswald, seizing the boy's hand, exclaimed : " 1 "have wronged her. she is an angel ; and youâ€”you are more than a cousin !" " you no more want alligator come up longa eat you ?" mischievously inquired the boy. it is doubtful if, in the long ages in which galatea has been beforo the public, ehe ever so suddenly assumed animation as when being personified by aline. oswald's voice electrified the beautiful statue back to life. for, without ceremony, ho entered the house, and, marching past the petrified guests up to the temporary stage, when that favourite tableau, " pygmalion and galatea" -was being represented, he assisted galatea from her pedestal, and there and then clasped her to his heart. nor is it on re cord that ever before pygmalion, forgetting his role, made so ignominious a retreat as on the present occasion, when, shrinking behind tho curtains, arthur quickly disap peared, from view, as he now does from our story. for oswald, you may feel sure, in his- great happiness, neglected even trying to secure for his cousin the punishment of which he was well deserving.    23197		coals of fire. an australian tale of two christmas eves   chapter   [original] i   ail australian talc of   two christmas eves.   by captain east gray.   christmas eve, 1s70.   the colony of nciv south wales   in general, and the cilv of sydney in particular, had never been favoured with a lovelier day than the 3-fth of december. 1s70-christmas eve. the early summer sun had already made good headway after a genial spring, but its effects had been nicely tempered by a refreshing southerly wind, without a suspicion of the boisterous ' buster 1 which makes things so unpleasant for sydney pedestrians and kicks up such a dust that clean housewives behold its ap pearance with horror.   the sun was sinking in a halo of glory which was reflected in the smooth waters of one of the numerous bays which bedeck the unrivalled harbour. scarcely less of beauty did it cast upon a cosy, well-kept garden of lovely flowers, in the very bosom of which lay a comfortable and somewhat spacious dwelling-house, the whole adorning the side of a furze-covered hill, and placed about midway between its summit and the placid waters of the bay.   ' devonia,' the house herein men tioned, was the residence of mr. solomon steel, and these facts were patent to all whom they might concern without enquiry, the first being an nounced over the portico, and the second on a well-polished brass plate affixed to the iron gate which gave ad mission to the front garden. it did not need the mystic gift of a fortnne-teller to divine that the name of the house indicated pretty certainly that its owner was not a native of the soil, but pro bably knew at an earlier period some thing about that fruit and flower garden of the west of england-the sweet county of devonshire. solomon steel was in fact a native of the part mentioned, and all his friends with most of his acquaintance were familiar with the assertion accompanying his business or social utterances, ' i am only a plain devonshire man.' by the way, however, in which he emphasised this announcement, it was difficult to tell whether he was most proud of his county or his personal character. at all events, he claimed to be a devonian, and he certainly was plain. his name at all events fitted him. his parents, after the customs of his country, pre ferred scriptural names, so as they desired him to be wise they christened him solomon. whether their desire was fulfilled by the direction his wis dom took is uncertain, but he certainly grew up wise 'in the wisdom of this world,' as it is termed, and also wise in his own conceit. since his advent in new south wales at the age of twenty until the period of our story-a term of forty odd years-he had been won derfully successful, and had for some years past retired to live in ease on the land he had purchased and in the house he had built, but still retained all his pride in being a ' plain devon shire man.' tho wisdom of our solomon broke out under various features. having been himself always fortunate in his transactions, chance,   luck, or evil circumstances had no'   place in his creed. every man had the same chance ; if he succeeded it was to his credit, if he failed it was his fault. that was his firm opinion ; look at himself; but then he was only a . plain devonshire man.'   another quality our solomon was proud of possessing-he could say ' no i' not many men could say it better. let misfortune overtake re lation or friend, and let them apply to solomon for temporary and trifling aid,   or assistance in the cause of charity,' and his answer would be ' no i there'   must be something wrong or they would need no help, hut then i am only a ' plain devonshire man.' for the rest he was just-because too proud to be under an obligation. he was temperate, because to indulge was costly; but he was hard, selfish, and grasping, and so our readers will not be surprised at what else we have to relate concerning solomon steel.   as in most other matters solomon steel had been very fortunate in his selection of a wife. dorcas smart was a distant relation of solomon's and while young they had many op portunities of meeting together. when young solomon left the old country he had already fixed his eye 011 the comely dorcas, and made up his mind when he had made money-which he never had a doubt that he would do he would send for dorcas and marry her. solomon was too young then to have developed the worst side of his character, and when he did at last carry out his plan, although dorcas had a feeling of mere second cousinly regard   for him only, yet as she was now iive and-twenty, and had met no one for whom she cared more, and besides, as was pointed out by her parents, solo moil was a prosperous man, she speedily made up her mind, packed up her belongings, and being ol an affectionate disposition, kissed and wept her fare wells, and taking her passage for the land of the sun, in due course reached it safely, took solomon 'for better or for worse,' becoming mrs. solomon steel, and ultimately the mistress of 'devonia' and its beauties and comfort'.   oil the evening of the day with which our story commences dorcas steel stood in the kitchen of«devonia'   the picture of a comely, hearty, healthy well-to-do middle-aged woman. if her husband pronounced himself a . plain devonshire man,' no one could have called her a flam devonshire woman   her handsome face beamed with good nature, and her heart was full of good feeling. of active habits, she flitted about the house 011 this christmas   live, her only maid, dolly-from j devonshire, too -by her side. one | would have wondered if knowing that j no little one had ever hung its arms i   around her neck and called her i 'mother,' why dorcas steel should have surrounded herself with such pre parations for keeping christmas, but she did nothing without a purpose, and a good purpose too. her mince pies, cheese cakes, jams, and a score of other good things all had their destina tions in the shape of well-selected poor but deserving families in sydney, while all comforts and luxuries needed to   make the great day enjoyable to her ;   own household, consisting of her hus- j   band, herself, dolly and a young fellow ; -sam profitt by name-employed as i gardener and handy man, were not ] forgotten. this last-named adherent ! was a nimble and lively specimen of a 'cornstalk,' with one eye kept on the propriety and necessity of saving money betime he should become a settler, and the other on dolly, whom he   sam profitt proposes to dolly,   ardently hoped to include "111 the same j settlement. at the moment of intro duction to the reader each of these persons were busily engaged in some sort of kitchen work. mrs. steel went   smelling here and tasting there, ami j then carefully placing .way the articles according to their kind in one or other of the roomv cupboards with which the apartment ' was furnished-english fashion. the heavier goods, such as pickle and flour jars, poultry, joints, family cakes, etc., were shelved in the capacious pantry just outside the kit chen door. in all this dolly was rendering her mistress constant and efficient assistance, though not without a secret hope that when the bustle was over, her usual ten minutes' conversa tion with sam on nothing in particular, after her mistress had retired tatigued with her exertions, might be capable of a somewhat indefinite extension on ac count of the festive season, and in order that sam's sweet tooth might be satisfactorily dealt with before he auo retired to the room specially built lor his accommodation by the garden con i servatory. by a strange coincidence sam was wishing for the same thing.   i when dolly entered her service it was understood that 1 no followers were i to be allowed,* and both herself and mistress after a year or two looked upon it more as an unwritten law than as a formal agreement. mis. steel, partly i on her husband's account and partly i from a desire to shield the girl, to which may also be added the wish to retain so trustworthy a servant as long as possible, had kept a sharp look-out over the butcher, the baker, the milk i man, and the various other daily want   suppliers, without dreaming that the i wolf was within the fold. l\assion like murder ' will out,' and ' love laughs at locksmiths' sometimes by beiui; locked in, where the young vagrant can do the j more mischief on account of his pre   sence being unsuspected.   the wished-for opportunity at last arrived. dame steel was tired, and had a long day belore her on the morrow, on the morning of which, at i tended by her henchman sam, s.ie ! would, like a true woman, witness the   distribution of her welcome gifts, while the tears of gratified benevolence rolled down her comely cheeks. under the pretence of bringing in some logs tor the kitchen's morning fire, sam soon found an opening for a yam with dolly, who, nothing loth, found snlh cient excuse by producing a mince pie (or the lengthening of the yam, and sitting down not far from sam to listen   as one deeply interested in its sequel. 1   stimulated by a jug of the dame's colonial apology for home-made devon shire cider, and the urgent necessity of getting rid of the pressure at his heait by getting someone to bear a part of the burden, sam determined at all hazards to risk the confession of his love, but he didn't know much about courting. he had read somewhere of a young man in the superior walks ot life who thought it the proper thing to go down on one knee to his lady love, in order to properly spread out his feelings before her, so in order not to be in any way behind hand, but rather to take the lead in good breeding, s.im suddenly plumped down at dolly's knees on both his own, and made short work of his declaration of love by shouting 1 dolly, i love yer; if yet 11   have me, yer shall alwirs he my rose, and i'll never be yer thorn.'   we are sorry we are not able to credit mr. profile with originality in his little speech, for as a matter o! tact he had been rehearsing it beforea favourite rose-tree for weeks past, anti-considered it not only to be a masterpiece of eloquence, but a mos: appropriate metaphor in the language of flowers. he was fated, however, not to receive an immediate reply, nor to be able to wait the result of his appeal, for at that moment the sound of mrs. steel's active footsteps returning to the kitchen to complete some forgotten task was heard. for sam to go out by the front door would be next to sacrilege, ar.d to go out by the back door would be stilt worse, as lie would certainly be seen leaving the kitchen, so he darted into the open pantry, and closing the doer, waited as he hoped a speedy release. his mistress, however, afier her rest, to dolly's dismay seemed disposed to chat, and taking the seat so lately   vacated by sam in the true spun of the season tried to en-age poor dolly in reminiscences of christmas past down in dear old devonshire. but as she was describing the beauties ot an o:a fashioned silk dress with accompanying trimming worn bv her dear mother on a certain christmas day, an awiul crash turned her comparatively quiet tone into a shriek oi alarm, while nonv trembled at the possible t'ateot her lover   sam on entering the p.mtry_ seemed j to get an obscure ostrich-like idea tn..,   by crouching down under the shelves 1 he would run less risk ot discovery, ana   being accustomed to the maimer ot colonial voting men of squatting down on his haunches and sitting on iv.s heels, he assumed that position tor some lime. being long in the legs, however, and mrs. steel being long too in her stay, begot cramped and essayed to rise to an upright position. in doing so he forgot to advance his head, and thai coining tuu lores against a sholt, brought the same with all it held plump   down on his devoted head.   not long before mis. steel had done her season's picklings, and unfortu nately for sam a two-gallon jar ot cabbage which under the attractive influence of the best vinegar had suc cumbed until they mingled in a vivui   scarlct, had been placed on that very , shelf, and emptied its contents m a shower of gory glory upon his head and   shoulders. . .   sun, thus discovered came terlli, m the guise ot a blood-stained warrior dripping with gore, and nearly ohnd i'vom the smarting of his eyes, l-rotn his shoulders-his hair-and the topsot his lingers ran down the scarlet flood, varied by the occasional ilo^s upon uic floor of a knottv piece of cabbage   it would be impossible to descnoe the feelings of the two women dming this scene. at first their alarm was as »*rcu as u was genuine. murder, ana then suicide suggested themselves to tlieir minds, but as the real state ot the case broke in upon them alarm gave place, to laughter, and the discomfited sam having been supplied with towels with which to wipe himself down, le tired to his den forthwith.   polly, straight-forward and artless, related truly to her mistress all that had occurred, and dorcas bteel had a hi. ait too much in sympathy with loveu.idev difficulties, and sufficient understanding of human nature to be more than slightly angry with the delinquents. besides she was very partial to sam, who was steady and saving, and alto gether she thought dolly wish*   worse than carry on a courtship which could now be watched over and super vised by herself, so she put dolly at   her ease by saying   11 am glad, dollv, that you nave told me. 'hide nothing from me lass, and i shall never be angry. 1 think s \m is a good lad and will make a vet v good husband. but don't hurry lass. don't hurry. there's plenty of time for both of'ee-years yet -but perhaps dolly ve'll be thinking i'm speaking one word for your good and two tor my own. i suppose, however, the u aie for parting must come as it always does, tint i shall always wish you well, dolly. and,' she added, with a merry twinkle in her eye, ' though i'm not a rich woman (solomon was too wise to allow that) i should like to dower 'ee, if it ean only be with a jar of pickled   cabbage.' the dear cheerful soul then trotted aw.iv to answer to a call of her   name which proceeded from the door cnemng into the back garden.   "« " * ? ? t   while the domestic comedy of real life above related was heir; enacted in the interior of' devonia.'its owner and master, solomon steel, was enjoying his pipe in his garden arbour, placidly reflecting on his comfortable surround ings as the result of his own wise speculations and labour, he was dis turbed by the sudden appearance of a somewhat melancholy -looking young man, apparently about thirty years of age, who had entered by a side gate, and now steed hat in har.d, evidently anxious to attract the attention of the proprietor of the place. his garments, although of a poor and threadbare description, were scrupulously tidy and clean, leaving on one the impression that the wearer bad at one time or another 'seen better days.' solomon steel looked up, and it was evident from his trod of recognition that the intruder was not altogether unknown to him. kis face, however, did not display any degree of pleasure at the meeting, and he let his visitor remain standing, apparently expecting him to open the conversation by explaining the object of his visit. this he pre sently did in a pleasant voice tinged   with a tone of sadness. his manner   was respectful yet manly as he began   the conversation:   ' mr. steel, it is some time now since   i ventured to trouble you by a visit, j and this would not have been raid ! could i have in any other way come to i   a decision over a matter which is of:   great importance to me.' here he j hesitated a moment, looking for some i sign of encouragement to proceed, ;   ' i suppose it's the same old story.' ? said solomon, 'you want someone to : help you to help yourself, and it will : all end in nothing as usual. simeon trust, you are like your father, you   haven't energy enough tor the business - of this world, and yon can': rise above i misfortune i don't suppose you thank   me for speaking to you in this style. j but as you know lam a . plain i>evon- : shite man.' go on with \our story.'   ' well, sir, 1 think you will forgive > ray troubling you when you hear what ' i have to tell, which i will do briefly, i vou may remember that when nay dear ' father died i received a letter from tits elder brother john, who left pevon shire for mew zealand some yens be fore my father came to new south wales. in his letter my uncle kindly invited me to come over and assist h.ini to manage his business a:t:.irs, but as i was then in a berth likelv to continue, and about to be married, i thanked him for his offer but felt obliged to decline. vou know how matters have gone with me for the last few years. my em ployers failed, my health broke down, mv dear wife had to slave t'ora pittance to support me and our iannly until she also gave way, and now, just as every thing-even hope in the help of :\\-o   vider.ee seemed useless-i have re   ceived another letter from my uncle ! renewing his oiler, stating that he has ' prospered exceedingly, but with in creasing years he feels more need of help, besides which as he has never married he would like in his declining years to be surrounded by his kith and kin, and '   ' what has all this to do with me ?'   interrupted solomon. 1 i'm glad.young   man. if yon any chance of domg i   well for yourself, but 1 doubt it. good j   evenine.' i   1 l>ut, sir, a moment more. my ur.de tells me that although he has plenty of properly, ready mor.ev is not procurable just now. and no doubt 1 sh.ilt be able to borrow sufucient to transport myself, rav wi:e and three little ones to otnasito. twenlv-nve pounds will enable me to do so, ana 1 trust as ray father's old schoolfellow, companion and mend, \ou will tor the lirst and last time both favour and tr'.st roe.'   toor simeon might have added the tact that his father's services towards solomon steel in their early colonial days should give him an additional claim on the hitter's friendship, but he knew his man, and that his pride would be aroused at being reminded of an obligation, for another of solomon's weaknesses was that he was indebted to no man. after simeon tutsi had   ceased speaking, he gave himself no   more time tor de'ibeuv.ion before an swering than it would take to knock the ashes out of his ' churchwarden '   pipe and lay it outside, then he said:   'once for all, simeon ttusl. i de cline to help yon. your father lost his all by speculating against my advice, and you we;e brought up in compara tive povetty in consequence. not warned by your father's example you. must mattv a your.; woman no bcitet oil than vourselt. 1 have nothing to say against her character \ar.d perhaps if you had you had better not say it, thought simeon") but for two people, boy and girl of twenty-two or so, to try to live upon nothing a week, and bting children into the world to help them do it, is a sin, and deserves the punish ment which usually totlows. 1 have earned ray money by perseverar.ee and saved it by putdence, and 1 don't in tend to thtow any away. 1: may appear rough to you, but i'm only a plain l>evonshi:e man, so once more good evening.' he le-tilled his vhmchwarden' pipe, lit it, and puffed calmly, while simeon alter watching him do all this turned dejectedly and slowly walked away,   now it so happened that wtcas steel knew more of the history and troubles of the son of her husband's old schoolfellow than he did. site had followed thentortimes-or rather their   misioiiur.es-for some time, having   discovered their whereabouts in sydney's poorest vp.iarter. mote than this, the s;ood soul had not only lis tened to their woes, but rendered material assistance too, and it was a' grand day for sin-,eon's two boys ar.d a girl when * auntie porvas.' as she her self taught them to call her, made her appeatance in wew-street. toys and   cakes for three was the order of the uav.   and simeon had quits sut?;'°;l enough to understand iv.s hine.av.t^>   «henshe. in her loyalty to tne   who didn't deserveit. unarmed buiwon and his wife that after ,a'[ sj'c:"^* ub -ralitv to her-enabled her to tit   them. this was tide, for he was no.   m the nutter ot   inc. and dorcas shared ^ u-"' equaliv rath -his money, but sn; ^ no: tcit them what she ««* ».a» a;=o true, th.it if her husbana nad -^mi   how same oj ner 3l.ow.u1ce i15 | he wou'.d have cert-umy recu^d it. ] shi therefore made mm aa - ' vt,v.-, and was content to be me almoner. good old dorcas.: _   at the very time when tr.eir u-h^   was turning tro-.n so.onion -- -   inhospitable arbour, aim. joea..a ru-» trust were c.v.-erir.g rour.a eacn i.. - _ inpyful anticipation of'aunt dorcas   christmas visit. _ . ^   ¥ji{3j was about to retrea. b> th. same care he cams in at wnen it oc curred to him that as solomon ap reared to be settled in tne arbour tor «onie time hewouldn t be m the hou^, wmle his wife probably wou.j.s.   hidden by foliage f:om obse^ion he turned into the 'pain uaa.n^ to the house, knowing _ tnjt tne^ goo   samaritan would 'oe iaa to r.ea. o^y'_; news he had received on mat uin=,...u=> eve. it was his knock _then at tin.   back door which broke on ner   sation with dolly over the 1 k-1   c the^svr.voathetlc heart of^ dareas   steel was at once enlisted as s.:e nea. ^ the narrative of simeon trus.. had to re'.ate his unsueces?.m   tion to mr. steel, but for tne »« o. his dear ttiind ana bene;ac^e_« h> m.ide no remarks wmcn wou.a uad her to think he was mote turn o.u   arilv affected by the retusal on tk -roind o: solomon xee.s to.nu.   friendship with his tamer. tne s^- j woman listened patientiv o th- t.i^. and then alter a few memento tho ajjiv   ' it's serrv and glad 1^ am for you, lad. but it's all a yart >-v- li:e ;'!'d . u--oed. sit ve down r.ere tor a tti\ mstutcs and "i'll see >3   ivrav she went, leaving binieoa be,-. the grandfather's c.oes in u- _na..; l's 'o'emn and deliberate '.ic-v   seemed to say ' all tight. ail ngnt, nor would it be interpretea m an> t.;.-. ,v,( u!-til its mistress returnea no.v.i-. in one of her hands a small canvas- bag.   lxow simeon, said sne, >m=. ba^ 0 -v.vins iust the sum you want. i a.<e it ind welcome. it is all my savings at ^resent out of my hous^ee;^ monev. i have au i want, jva neea it; and when you reach your destina tion don't trouble to return it, ume^ vou some day find a person in tiu. iame straits as youarenow- tnen o.e.p them mv lad, but alwavs remeuider .hi* i" xvasse'oniensteeis mone> a-tt.   i shall see the little ones to m»w. god bless you and mav you o--iov as h.wv a ch.itstmas as i ^-a with these words she cen'ay pumied him through the tror.t-o.o_er, a..d i.a.r> i:u a light and thar.ktul r.ear. tn. was   cone. ^   the morning of christmas day was is sair and btiehl as tne uay oeto.. it, ^ fair and blight that tha.«w«an^ of sons and daughters o« wi', »-ao   before arranged to spend thur gr^u holidav in the ot-en, aim to. a .v^e   "revious had their hones ana tears on the -round of weather, now lejoi.ed vcith exceeding joy at th-eir de.ermu.a   a r.o. haster.^d the iiionung nual in order to m..ke the outmg as long as * 0:v.or thousands there yrsre ««o made it almost a part of their religion   iwcas stekcs christmas visitors.   to spend clnistmas at home. most of   these were those who remembejed christmas .it home in the old country, with its frost, raid snow, ami huge tires, and indoor games, and family meetings. these do not recognise the season as christmas because they cannot realise it under different climatic influences, so they make believe as much as pos sible, and get their families together, and when evening comes on and the outsiders come home tired and sleepy they begin their enjoyment and pro tract it till a iate hour. our friend solomon steel to a great extent be longed to this latter class. it is true having no family lie couldn't get them together, consequently there were no games and no late hours, but this didn't trouble him. as it occasioned the spend   ing of less money, and there was more quiet.   ' go out ?' he once said to a neigh bour who invited him to join in a picnic one christmas-' and stew in the sun, and eat and drink all kinds of s::r:i::;r things at christmas time? not me. i'm only a plain devonshire man. and i like my christmas at home.'   inside no. 5 blew-street in the city of sydney, on this special christmas morning, a remarkable scene presented itself. three lightly clad children two bays and a girl-were executing a demon dance hand-in-hand round a large open basket, filled with toys, cakes, two christmas puddings, mince pies, two bottles of home-made cherry wine, and various other edibles and comestible?. it was the first time in their short lives that santa ciaus had found out their abode, and now the saint came in the shape of a ruddy, stout elderly lady, who sat on the best of three bad chairs smilingly watching their capers, her heart full of such love as guardian angels must feel when missioned to carry blessings to those they have in charge. now and again she turned to simeon and his wife to ask questions or to give advice con cerning their preparations for embark ing to new zealand, which important event was to take place in a few days, while they, overcome with gratitude to their kind friend and benefactress, were listening as well as the noisy joy of sim, joe, and floss would allow. r>areas would not have them interfered   with until at last they sat dawn on the bare door thoroughly exhausted. to tell how the basket was emptied of its contents, each separate article extort ing a loud, rapturous, and prolonged oh 1 oil! oh ! from the enchanted trio of youngsters-how 'auntie dorcas,' trying to make her way out to the buggy in charge of sam was clambered over by floss in front, and the two boys 0:1 either side, each trying to get and give the last kiss to their good fairy 4 auntie'-how the rest of the happy day was spent in equal divisions of eating and gambolling on the part of the children, and quiet enjoyment of the good things by their parents while they conversed over their future, until the young ones went fast asieep, one in   each corner of the room to dream of the glories of a sea voyage and a golden home in new zealand-all these things are beyond telling, but are they not   written in the chronicles of the trust family, even on their memories, never to be effaced until life shall be past, or who knows ? perhaps not even then.   on the first day of the new year, 1s71. a little group of five-a father, mother, a girl, and two boys-might have been seen leaning over the side o: the good steamship ' warrilaba' frantically waving their handkerchiefs to a stout elderly person who with tears running down her cheeks, was return ing their signal adieu from the very edge of the pier from which the ship   had started. she watched ita =uw denarture until the became un   aistinguishable, and the ship itself was at last lost to view, when with a half muttered 'god bless them,'' ' auntie' djtcas hastened to resume her duties at devonia.        19945		our new chum   chapter none   the story-teller.   our new chum.   he came out in the ship jungfrau about christmas time last year. his doctors recommended him a long sea voyage and a temporary sojourn in an australian cli mate for the benefit of his health, other wise we should never have been honoured with his company. i knew him in eng land a little, but i had no idea that he had condescended to know me until i re ceived a letter from him a few weeks be forehis arrival. it was a characteristic let ter, and deserves to be given at length.   " my dear mr. morris—anyone whom miss neville regards with affection must be a gentleman, and you are the only one of my acquaintance in the australian or any other colonies. i therefore write to   tell you that i am about to visit victoria, and hope to have the pleasure of spend ing a short time in your society. it is in obedience to my medical advisers that i take this strange step. italy, madeira, and algiers, and other spots i would have chosen, possessing the soft and delicate climate i am supposed to require, have been objected to as lying too close to home. three months' voyage to and fro is insisted upon, as a salutary check upon a certain consumptive tendency of con stitution, and i accept the necessity forced upon me. will you kindly bespeak a quiet lodging for me in your queer bush town with the unpronounceable name, and send a letter of instructions as to how   i can travel thither from the coast, to meet me on landing. i do not intend to make any stay in melbourne. as a city it is a veiy wonderful illustration of the rapidity of civilising processes, and there fore interesting to a sightseer; but as a foreign british city, without the refine ment.of military society, and its concomi tants, it would be not only uninteresting but unpleasant to a sojourner, were his habits and tastes like mine. i would rather amuse myself with the study of bush and mining life, and enjoy the com panionship of such an one as miss ne ville's friend.   "i come out in the jungfrau—an odd name to give an australian passenger ship, but which determined by chance for its associations' sake. it will arrive in the hot season, and i hear you have none of our indian mitigations, so that really indian heat is preferable. i have seen a few of my fellow-passengers, and do not anticipate much pleasure on the voyage.   " believe me, yours truly,   " rolfe rawdon devereux."   it was enclosed in a plain white en velope, with a small black seal, though rolfe rawdon devereux has as fine a coat of arms as any aristocrat in the three kingdoms, and appreciated it as tho roughly.   " i have no need," he said to me after wards, when i mentioned the circum stance, " to display my credentials. i leave it to those who are benefited by the license and liberty of the present day to amuse themselves with emblazoning coats and crests on all their stationery. don't you know that not half-a-dozen of all the noble heads of all our noble fami lies in england have a right to their 1g quarterings ? and, assuredly, two-thirds of the armorial devices on paper and en velopes are invented or stolen. nobody cares about that now-a-days. but i would rather not mix myself up with such doubtful fashions."   it was grand to hear him discourse on this topic from the elevation of his own irreproachable lineage.   "the refinement of your anglo saxons," he would say, "is but skin deep at the best. why, there are not 30 generations told yet from the norman conquest, and most of your ancestors were mere root-grubbing animals then. after ages and ages of utter barbarism, what can you expect of such recent civili sation ? look at those creatures"—and   he would point to his landlady's pretty little children, amusing themselves after their manner with the manufacture of mud pies—"they are only obeying the instinct they had inherited. their fore fathers spent their lives scratching out holes and pitfalls, and so they (though their mother tries to keep them nice and clean) like to dabble in the dirt better than anything."   he himself claimed descent from the re nowned scandinavian rolf ganger, whose "viking blood made the chivalry of nor man knights, and rolf ganger's demi-god forbears. and i am sure he believed that his children, if he had any, would   never dabble in the dirt.   i turned his letter over and over. i read it and re-read it a score of times, and then i sat down to think about it. i was not in the least offended by his plain statement that it was not my own merits but the dignity of miss neville's favour that led him to the conclusion that i was a gentleman. i was proud and grateful to him for establishing an acquaintance on such terms, and unaccountably eager for the " companionship" of which he spoke so condescendingly. nevertheless i had a dim foreboding that colonel devereux would be a handful. what would i do with him up in the bush 1 he whose whole life 'had been spent in the innermost cir cles of european rankand fashion. there was no house near where anything like his accustomed society could be had. of the two magnets of the neighbourhood,   one had been "sent out" in the remote past, and the other had begun colonial life as a gold digger, and could neither read nor write. the family living on the station adjoining the town was the only one to which i could safely introduce him mr. harting had been in the army, though it was so long ago that he had almost for gotten it, and his multitude of daughters had most of them been educated in eng land, and were conversant with current literature and the topics of the times. i thought he might manage to content him self with them. then the difficulty as to lodging him troubled my mind, and   seemed insurmountable. i looked round my own apartment, fine and bright, but an outrage upon every principle of art, and i knew that, though i found it com fortable enough, it would never do for him. there was a drawing-room in the house which might have been available, but it was chilly and frivolous, like most common-place drawing-rooms, and still more offensive to a cultivated taste. and   it was the best lodging and boarding house in the town. in my dilemma i mounted my horse and rode out to netherby to consult the hardings. i asked for miss elate harding, the third daughter, who was my favourite. she was more quiet, more intelligent, and generally more finely constituted than the rest, i ima gined, and the only one who did not seem to expect me to propose to her.   when i had explained as best i could what it was i wanted, and requested her assistance in helping me to find it, she laughed and said, "i never knew you were so fastidious, mr. morris."   i hastened to assure her that i was not fastidious at all, and then to give her   some account of my friend's ordinary   habits of life.   "that's all nonsense," she exclaimed abruptly. " if he comes to the bush he he must do as the bush does. he won't expect to find belgravian accommodation up here. get him a couple of rooms that are decent and cool, and a clean woman to attend to him, and he will ma.kg him self happy if he has a mind to, unless all the manhood has been coddled out of   him."   eventually, i left the choice of colonel devereux's rooms to her, and she intro duced me a few days after to a little suite, in the house of a widow lady of limited means, who would not have condescended to let the lodgings to a meaner personage, and they exactly answered to her descrip tion. they were "decent and cool," and withal comfortable in a simple way, though dreadfully neat, as if they had been arranged with a pair of compasses.   " that will wear off," miss kate re marked when i started this objection, " you can spread some english news papers and magazines about before he comes, and i will send in some flowers from netherby."   and so, my preparations completed, i waited anxiously for thg^jungfrau's ar rival. my parochial duties, and a lack of ready money, prevented my going down to melbourne to meet the colonel in per son, and i therefore sent the required let ter, suggesting that he should take train to echuca, and come up by a murray boat to the nearest landing-place where i would await him with a buggy.   a telegram reached me at last from a melbourne friend, notifying the arrival of the jungfrau at queenscliffe; and receiv ing a letter from the traveller a few days later, i borrowed my neighbours' buggy   and set out to meet him.   i enjoyed my lonely drive through the bush. it was a little holiday to me, and i had but few holidays. the morning was bright and balmy, and not oppress ively hot, for we were still a few weeks from christmas, and had had abundance of cooling showers. there was a refresh   ing greenness streaking and tinting the monotonous slopes and pathways, and wild flowers were sprinkled thickly amongst the long and yet unscorched grass. i was sorry, though, that colonel devereux should see our river, of which we were given to boast somewhat, and which had been so broad and beautiful in the recent flood time, under such com paratively decayed and drabbed circum stances. he found no fault, however, with anything. he must have suffered immensely on board the steamer, amid those unfamiliar impurities, alive and dead ; but he stepped on shore, and shook hands with me as serenely as if he had   quite enjoyed himself. he spoke in j praise of the picturesque windings of the river, and the objects of native interest to be viewed therefrom. he admired the bush birds which screamed about our heads in flocks as we drove home, and the comfort of mr. harding's buggy, and the pace of mr. harding's horses. he seemed inclined, in short, to see the bright side of everything, and i rejoiced   in astonishment.   his lodgings proved equally agreeable to liim, eliciting comments which quite justified kate harding's choice. he was going to be a bushmau, he said, and he thought the life would be very agreeable and amusing.   i dined with him on our return, and spent a most happy evening. we sat out on the verandah, chatting about the old countiy, and the old dear faces that were so far away, as if we had been intimate   mends for years. i gazed at him, leaning back in his easy chair, with his beautiful patrician head outlined sharply against the glowing sunset, like a silhouette on a scarlet paper, and i could scarcely be   lieve it was colonel devereux.   " such an affable gentleman i never saw,' said the landlady to me as i leaving. " he will be quite an acquisition to our society."   i smiled, and went away, wondering how he and " our society" would get along together.   everything seemed to go well. the principal people of the town and neigh bourhood called upon him the following   week, and he received them with his serene and gracious courtesy, as if they had all been peers and princes, and re turned their visits in the most scrupulously orthodox manner. this done, i fancied i detected a little restlessness and weari ness about him; but i attributed it   to the heat, which was becoming sultry, and which i knew was affecting his debilitated constitution. a course of rather pretentious entertainments were set on foot by his new acquaintances in his honour, and to some he went, and from some he stayed away, in the most haphazard and whimsical fashion. the best of these was a party given at ne therby, and to this, when invited, he chose to go. i thought it was a very pleasant party. the company was not unduly miscellaneous, the music was good, the girls were mostly well dressed, and only two gentlemen appeared without evening coats and ties. the thing in general was in better style and taste than usual, and withal full of life and interest. as i walked home by my mend's side, with the words of a glee they had been singing ringing in my   "o memory, sweet memory,   when all things fail, my heart teturns to thee   i spoke somewhat warmly of the enjc   ment we had had.   i was staggered by the irony and b terness of his reply. it was such a tira as had never crossed colonel devereu: polite lips in my hearing before. 15 thing and. nobody escaped his censui the gaudiness of the house was ei crable ; the arrangement of the entertai ment most clumsy and tasteless; the son< with one or two exceptions, trivial a: vulgar ; while, as for the ladies and ge tlemen, they were worse than all. t latter he almost scorned to notice ; a: the fair sex, which usually received su deference at his hands, was ruthless criticised, as represented on that occasic they talked and laughed too loud ; th kissed each other in public, and otherwi objectionably displayed their emotion they ran instead of walked; they wc their hair over their eyes like skye ti riers ; they accosted strangers withe regard to introductions; they sj " ma'am," and " sir," and called their gt tlemen acquaintances by their christi names ; and i don't know in how ma other ways were unladylike and aborn;   able.   " but miss kate," i ventured to ss " she does not even wear a chignon, a i never heard her talk or laugh loudly my life."   " she is very pert, and self-sufficiei and opinionated," he replied, hotly.   " she has a great deal of good seni and is very well educated," i persist* for i did not like to see her so hard dealt by. he only gave utterance   an impatient " pshaw," turned the cc versation for a few minutes, and th   abruptly said, " good night," and left j   me.   i walked home in great vexation and annoyance. after all, my apprehensions were well-founded, and he was going to be a handful. why did he come to live in the bush, if bush people and bush ways were so offensive to him ? why did he accept such well-meant hospitality, only to abuse his entertainers behind their backs 1 why, above all, did poor kate, who was the mainspring of comfort and order in the almost unmanageably large household at netherby, receive such unmerited censure at his hands ?   and then i fell to musing as i walked along round a bend of the solitary river. the moonlight and the quiet began to take effect upon me. it was very quiet now the colonel was gone. i heard the ring of a wood cutter's axe, first the stroke and then the echo, faintly rever berating far away. some one was build ing his camp-fire for the night. over the shimmering water a couple of cranes were slowly flapping their long wings, and croaking like old crows, and below them flocks of silver-breasted divers, startled by my foot-step, rose up and went skim ming and fluttering down the stream, all their little wings twinkling with the rapidity of their flight. from the oppo   site shore came the curlew's wild and   plaintive note, sometimes like the cry of a human creature in pain, sometimes like a railway whistle heard from a dark and foggy distance. all these sounds only seemed to intensify the quietness and solitariness of the night.   and mary neville's image rose up be fore me, with all its pure and delicate womanliness, the sensitive little high-bred face, the refined and courteous speech and ways, so shy, yet so proud, so gentle and quiet, and yet so self- possessed and digni fied. i tried to surround it with ne therby manners and customs, and the in congruity of the association struck to my   heart. all colonel devereux's bitter   fastidiousness seemed to colour my reflec tions then. i went over to him, and for sook my friends straightway. i forgot their warm hospitality and kindness, and only remembered that they wore mop heads of hair, and dresses of violent colours and fantastic shapes, and long veils twisted affectedly round their necks like the ladies who paraded the nave of the crystal palace without escort on the shilling days. i forgot—more shame to me—how they had established a sunday school at netherby, and kept it going by their own unassisted efforts ; how indefa tigably they had worked for those appa rently necessary colonial evils, parish picnics and bazaars, and strengthened the hands of their pastors with all their might; i only thought how unrestrainedly they laughed and talked, how unblush ingly they flirted, how fond they were of noise and slang and vulgar practical jokes, and how painfully, in general, they con trasted with mary's exquisite taste and high-bred simplicity. even nnt^ rugged, sensible, self-sacrificing kate, the consciousness of having esteemed and ex tolled her made me treat her with double injustice. colonel devereux's estimate of her character was a true one, and i wondered how i could ever have enjoyed the society of one who was so unlike my love and my ideal. altogether, i was in   as unchristian a frame of mind as could   well be when i reached my lodgings, and i went to bed with one of those paroxysms of heart-sickness which overcame me now and then, when i had indulged too freely in moonlight and the " pleasures of me mory."   i was so weaiy of eveiything, that i thought i would write to the bishop next day, and ask-him to remove me to another district. there were plenty of men ready and anxious to take my cure, and enjoy the social advantages it was supposed to possess ; and there were plenty of wild gold-fields and lonely townships where sheep were going astray for want of a shepherd, and of which few had enough of the divine missionary spirit to desire the charge. i felt that in such a place i should not be separated from mary, as i was now. i could associate her fami liarity with • scenes of poverty and wretchedness. in all the dark places of the old city at home, which her beautiful cathedral overshadowed, i had seen her moving and working in her noiseless way, loved and honoured by wicked women and blaspheming men as a messenger of comfort, and sympathy, and hope. i could not imagine her visiting with me at netherby, but i should feel as if i held her little hand in mine while i went about as a bringer of good tidings to those stray sheep in the wilderness.   but i did not write to the bishop, and   i did not cease to dine and drink tea with the hardings. and, what was stranger still, colonel devereux became almost a daily visitor at netherby. he went, he said, to enjoy the novel spectacle of sheep washing and shearing then going on ; but he visited these scenes of interest in com pany with the skye- terrier heads and the gorgeous skirts invariably. the more i saw of his proceedings with regard to this family, the more at a loss i was to account for them. in respect of the daughters, for whom i cared the least, the attentions he paid them quite effected a diversion in my favour, and made them forget for the time that i was a proposable young man. and towards kate, the only one who talked sense and dressed soberly, he seemed to exhibit a marked antagonism and dislike. he was always deferential and courteous in his outward bearing, as became a gentleman of his order; but there was a perpetual under- current of satire and sharpness and ironical witti cism, which puzried and discomfited me more than i can tell. she repaid him too, and repaid him fully, in his own coin. i should never have imagined that kate harding had so much bitterness in her. and that they should put themselves to   so much trouble to make themselves   disagreeable astonished me as much as anything. silence and indifference would have been a far more dignified expression of the contempt they appeared to enter tain for one another, and much more agreeable to their respective tempera ments. but there was a sort of magnetic attraction between them. the two per verse spirits were always coming into con tact, and never without evoking a jangle and discord. and then they took their quarrels so much to heart. colonel devereux, when he came out of a contest, would be so snappish and irritable that i hardly dared to speak to him for the rest of the day; and i caught kate once or twice furtively wiping tears from her honest brown eyes, and failing utterly in her heroic efforts to pretend she did not care. this sort of thing went on for some time, and i saw a great change in both of them. colonel devereux, in the retire ment of his private life, was either moping and moody, or restless and cross; and kate's notoriously even temper became variable and uncertain, her bright face weary and wistful and pre-occupied, and her brisk voice and brave spirit liable to break down on the slightest provocation.   it was a change i could not understand   at all.   by and bye, however, the mystery cleared up.   we went together, the colonel and i, to spend an evening at nether by, and after tea it was proposed that we should go out and shoot some of the opossums that were ravaging mr. harding's fa vourite fruit trees. it was a lovely moonlight summer night, and we all prepared for the expedition with alacrity. mr. harding and colonel devereux pro vided themselves with guns and ammuni tion, and i was constituted cavalier in general to the girls, who, with light wraps over their gay evening dresses, tripped about us in high glee. we walked along the edge of a reedy lagoon at the foot of the orchard, where the opossums loved to congregate at that hour, with the silvery light flittering down upon our heads through the ragged gum-tree branches, chatting and laughing as we searched for our game in regular harding fashion. all <at once i was startled by a sudden and fierce exclama tion from colonel devereux, who was a few paces before me. at the same mo ment i saw his gun jerk away from his arm, and fall forward over a stump which the muzzle had touched accidentally in the dark, and then, as i mechanically seized poor kate, sauntering beside me in a brown study, i heard the loud ex plosion, first of one barrel and then of the other, and saw two flashes. of flame dart up at her breast. for a few seconds we all stood as if turned to stone, and then, without a word or a cry, kate slowly slid out of my hands, and fell back on the grass at my feet beside the prostrate gun.   what happened afterwards was hva a dream. i saw colonel devereux put aside the frantic and bewildered father ; i saw him fling himself down on his knees, and lift up the girl's unconscious head, and lay it on his shoulder, and then i saw him kiss it all over with a fierce, pitiful, passionate tenderness that was obviously beyond his control.   then i understood it all, and wondered at my stupidity in not doing so before. all this while they had been loving one another, with a love stronger than their independence or prejudice or pride. the two honest and true hearts had been mat ing themselves as god and nature willed, and it was only the outer surface of their characters, estranged from one another by education and custom, which had re belled against the union. it was all at an end now. kate would remember no more that colonel devereux was an ex clusive and intolerant aristocrat, and he would sneer at her no more for being co   lonial born and bred.   he earned her home in bis arms, and he stayed at netherby to watch her re covery for nearly a month. i believe he slept on her threshold night after night like a dog. she was not so much hurt as we feared, the greater part of the charge having entered her arm, and at the month's end colonel devereux came   himself to tell me she was well enough to be moved to the drawing-room sofa.   " i shall never forgive myself," he said, as we talked of the accident, " never, as long as i live. and has she not behaved admirably ? few girls would have borne the suffering she has had without a com plaint, and she has never made one. she must have some good blood in her with   all that fortitude."   i took this hint with a smile. i knew he would never again look upon her as a person of inferior birth, or allow the world   to do so.   " i am very glad and thankful," i said, " that she is getting over it so well."   "yes," he rejoined, "i can see a change, in her for the better every day. and when she is quite recovered," he added, after a pause, looking hard at my face, while a 'faint flush rose in his own, "i intend to take her to england for change of air."   and so he did. i went down to mel   bourne to see them on board the jung frau, then returning home for the second time, and i think they were the happiest couple i ever had the good fortune to join together in the bonds of holy matri mony. i stood on the pier at sandridge and watched them floating away from me, with tears in my eyes and a lump in my throat, and the solitariness of my life pressing down upon me more heavily than ever. i did not know how much i had cared for both of them, nor how much i should miss them, until thev were   gone.   -a. c.—'australasian.'        7418		katie bryce's two christmas days   chapter katie bryce's two christmas days. i. katie bryce's two christmas days. i.   katie ibryoe's two ohristias days. by miss e. sxtee-awarded first prizein the hlbernian society's novelette competition.) what shall i do with all the days and hours that must be coantec 'ere i see thy face? how shall i chain the interval that lowers between this time and that sweet time of grace? chap'er i. when phillip leigh got that letter telling him his uncle was dead, and that he must re. turn to england immediately to fulfil certain conditions of the will, under which he in herited his uncle's large property-when he got it, as i have said, the nows did not bring unmixed pleasure to katie bryce, his promised wife. " but katie," he said, looking down into the steadfast grey eyes lifted to his, "you must try to be brave over this separation. 1 hope to be hack in 3melbourne by christmas, and then, soon after the new year, my wire will come to me." katie flushed to the roots of her soft brown hair as her lover spoke. "you know i am not -beautiful like some girls; but, philip, you will not let another face. make you forget mine, for-" she ,hgitated a moment, and then added, " you 'do worship beauty."' "how can you talk so, katie?" answered her lover, half vered byher question. "are you not my only love? have i ever given yon cause to doubt me? i would not leave you now were it possible to avoid it, but by the terms of my unclo's will i must be in england for a time to arrange for the ealeof the property. besides, this money wilt save us all anxiety about the future, and i can giveyou the home idesirefor you. i will not stay away a day longer than i can help, and you must have a bright christmas wel come for the returning traveller." so katie tried to feel content, and when the rome steamed out of port that december morning, taking her lover away, she set her self to bear his long absence as bravely as she knew how. an only daughter, with every wish grati fied by the father, whose one thought was for her happiness, living in a home situated in one of the prettiest suburbs of miolbourne, katie bryce had no lack of friends or pleasant occupations to fill up the months of philip's absence. the winter was spent at gringigal gone, a station owned by mrs ainslie, mr bryce's widowed sister. and as every mail brought long letters from philip, entailing the pleasant task of answering them, the days did not seem so long as katie had. feared. as christmas grow nearer, philip's return was anxiously looked for.- what a happy christmas tt would be 1 she had busied her self with a thousand things to make it eo worked philip the prettiest of slippers, the nayest of cigar cases. fern-trees were ordered from gippsland for decoration; and as the time came closer and closer, katie went about light of heart, and seeing new beauty " in earth and sea and sky." the steamer philip leigh had sailed in was telearaphed as arriving at albany, then at addlaide, and at last she ended her pros. porous voyage and anchored off williams town. how katie watched every cab after that. any moment philip might arrive. libut only the pustman came in at the large iron gates, and when she ran down, thinking there might be some letter for her, she was told there was only one for her father, which had been taken to his study. the dressing bell rung at last, and katie was just going to her room, when her father came into the drawingroom where she was. " papa," she exclaimed, "philip has not come yet. what can be keeping him ? the carthage is in, and we saw his name in the passenger list." her father did not answer immediately, and katie for the first time noticed how grave and troubled he was looking. "papa, nothing has happened-philip is safe," said the girl with asort of terror in her eves. e" mr leigh is well, and has landed safely." poor katie's heart sank when she heard her father's formal answer to her hurried questions. " but my child," he added tenderly, "you must be content with your father's love now." he paused a moment, and then sternly added, "philip leigh has broken his plighted faith, and is no longer worthy of you." katie listened to her father's words like one who heard the tale of another's trouble. surely it was not philip, her lphilip, who iad done this dreadful thing. then a sharp stab of pain emote her as she looked at her father's stern face and realised he was telling her some terrible truth concerning the man she had trusted and loved so truly. mr bryce drew his trembling child into the shelter of his arms, holding her there while he gave her the letter philip had written to read. it was brief enough. " i make no excuse for my conduct. i think i must have been mad. i have during the voyage out engaged myself to a lady who was a passenger on board. w'e are to be married almost imme diately. i can only hope you wiliforgetyou have ever known one so false sn-phuilii ligoht." inside was a scrap of paper, with these lines written on it :-"katie, forget me. i sm-i was unworthy of you." no words can describe mr bryce's anger when first he read philip's letter, but un willing to add to katie's distress, he had de termined to say as little tas possible re garding his opinion of philip's extraordinary and cruel conduct. katie read until every word seemed burned into her brain. then saying brokenly, "papa, we have only each other now," she went away to her room. the old housekeeper, who had come with katie's mother to sanderdalo years ago, and stayed on when the fair young mistress closed her eyes in death, its faithful friend and guide, found her there and comforted her almost as her mother might have done, and stayed by her until she fell aleeop, wearied out with her now and undretrned- of earrow, chapter ii. bnose vows. " ah, dim, lost glamor land ! ou whbose eonfinies i stend. .ogie for houe that ushll be home no more i" and this is how it all came about: philip took his passeago for melbourne in the carthage, and at the last moment, in all the confusion of departure, an old friend :saud tenly came to him end said: "'there isa young'lady on board going out to her brother in sydney. she is quite alone; does not know a soul on board. wil you showherany kindness you can ?" philip willingly promised, and his friend introduced miss hedley to him. philip, as he looked at her, thought he had never seen so lovely a face. how shall i desoribe this girl, who was to exercise so powerful an influencu over philip's future? her face and figure were perfect, and she carried herself with a stately grace that was irresistible. her fair hair, which formed a coronet on the shapely head and slone like pale goldinthe sunashine, and the lovely brown eyes, withtheirlong dark lashes, together with her dazzling complexion, might well fascinate a less susceptible mnan than even nilip was. he was intoxicated by her beauty, and from the first site set hleriself deliberately to try to win him. this beautiful girl was unscrupulous by nature, caring little by what means she gainedher end. she had been made aware through somefriends she had in mlelbourne of philip's engagement to katie b;yeeo, they having apprised her of the fact. lielip was handseome and wealthy, couldl give her posa tion and all the means for the gay lifeshbe loved. she hlad only the prospect of a home with her brother, a struggling medical man in sydney, who had a wife and large family depending upon him. 'i shall have to help with those tiresome children i suppose," sne thought to herself, " and wear leather boots." she had plenty of admirers on board; her beauty and grace making her a centre ot attraction; but it was philip's time and atteution she claimed from the first. the moonlight walks on deck; all the intimate ?sooeiations of a voyage, all the chanoee which opportunity threw in her way, she made use ot to gain him for herself; with   the result that philip forgot katie, honor, all. only as they entered the heads did he wake up from his madness and realise that he had pledged himself beyond recall. then those letters which carried such sorrow to poor katie were written. philip never guessed that miss hedley knew of his previous engagement. he could not mention katie's name to her, and she for good reason of her own was equally silent on the subject. philip went on to sydney with his betrothed, and there being no reason for delay' the marriage took place early in january, the very month that was to have seen katie a happy bride saw philip's beautiful wife established at oak hurst, his residence in st. kilda. how philip passed that christmas he never afterwards kneow; obliged to meet strangers and to appear hapny when he was conscious how false he had been, and when he was wildly longing for but a sieht of katie. not but that there were times when he could forget her, and believe himself happy in the presence of the girl who had beguiled him into breaking his faith, and forsaking one who had given him her best affections. and katie?-she did not weep and be moan herself, but, brave little soul that she was, she set herself to live out her life, this strange new life without philip. she would try for her father's sake not to make her home less glad i but for allher brave resolves she had a hard time of it. .. herengagementhadbeen so widely known, her marriagehad been so near, that the idea of all the talk about her, even by sympathis ing friends, jarred upon her proud and sensi tive nature. and then, how was the christ mas day she had looked forward to so joy fully to be gone through ? it was but a forlorn katie who woke up to know it was christmas morning; to be a christmas without philip. the decorations seemed to mock her, and though she triedto smile back at her father, when he gave her his christmas gift, the tears were very near. she came down, too, without the ring-philip's gift, which she had worn since that day, now seeming so far away, when she had promised to be his. it must go back now to him, and she had made up the parcel early thac morning ready for sending, and felt she had been called to part almost with a part of herself. she went to church, and heard the christ mas message of peas.e and good will, but, 1 fear me, katie's heart was far away. and, oh! the long, weary afternoon, when she could do nothing but think-think of philip, and remember that soon even this would be wrong. fortunately they had made no en cagement for the evening, and after dinner katie roused herself, and tried to make her father believe she was not so miserable after all. she played his favorite pieces-she could not trust herself to sing. she wouldnot omit the usual game of chess they always played together. the evening came to an end at last, and she was free to go away and lie awake the summer night through; the bur den of her thoughts her lost love-her broken life. the weeks that followed found her growing pale and thin, and her father anxiously watching her, at last resolved to take her to cringigalgona. katie would far rather have stayed at home, but she could not with stand her father's pleading. she dreaded her aunt's inquisition. " but daisie is at home," she said to her self ; "she is so good and gentle, perhaps i shall feel happier." so the end of the sum mor found them mat the station, when daisie gladly welcomed her cousin. mrs ainslie was really attached to her niece, but, unfortunately, she was one of those women we meet with sometimes, who, with the best intentions, are entirely devoid of tact-that quality, or whatever we call it, of our nature which oils the wheels of life and helps over the rough places. '" dear me, my love," she exclaimed, when she saw katie. " howpale and ill you do look; and no wonder. really i think that philip leigh's conduct is- " "katie wants a cup of tea more than any thing else, don't you, kitty, darling ?" here interposed daisie, who was not without a love story of her own, thonuh of a happier kind than our poor katie's. so she got her away to the shelter of her own room, and cheered and petted her sad little cousin, as daisie only could, and before they reappeared mr bryce had managed to persuade his sister it was best to keep silence on the subject of philip leigh and his misdeeds, at least when katie was nrescnt. but it was a hard thing for mrs ainslie to do. could she only have seen philip he would not long have remained in ignorance of her opinion of him. however, she secretly determined that katie should by. and-bye make a brilliant marriage, and then imr leigh should see what he had lost. it was well for katie's peace of mind that she was quite ignorant of liher auntie's plane for the future. chapter iii. the b.utv king. " something to live for came to the place, anld yet it was only a baby." philip from the day of his marriage was a changed man. he knew, now that the glamor was past, that he had never loved the woman he had made his wife ; that katie alone possessed his heart. but he resolved that he would not mar by any not the peace or happiness of the girl he had married. he would make the best of their lives, so far as in him lay so to do. lie must put all thoughts of katie away, as by his own act he had put her out of his life; but it was a sore battle to fight. rkatio's face would rise unbidden before him, and a thousand memories of the girl, who had trusted and loved him would come and almost madden him with the remembrance of all he had lost. no wonder the rich brown hair began to show a silver thread, and the lines deepenod about his brow and mouth. his place in society was assured, and for sterling worth and all the qualities which go to make a good man he was to be to his wife he was always patient and gentle, and, god knows, the tried him sorely enough at times. alas i in his early married days philip discovered hia wife did not love him. he would remonstrate with her on her reckless disregard of her health. her beauty and wealth, together with philip's position, made her one of the leaders of lmelbourne society, and night after night she insisted on going out, and her dars. were one constant round of ecitement andc pleasure. - she cared little for home ties, and her slight constitutioinal strength could ill hear the constant strain on her health. she fretted at tho delicacy, which after a time compelled her to give up thie greater part of her gaylife. but when her boy was born a changoe came over philip's wife. she loved the child passionately, and would sacri fice anything for him. the baby king drew the husband and wife more together. the year which followed his birth was the most peaceful of philip's married life. his patience with her way. wardnese tonuheod his wife, for she was not all bad-this girl who had sohemed to take philin from his first love, and she began to feel lio was dear to her. poor clara ! she was beginning to love her husband, and as that knowledge came to her, so did that other solemn truth-that she must soon leave him and her idolized child also. she had never recovered her strength, but appeared to be going into a declino. she grew gentle., and who knows what thoughts stirred within her as she thought of the p'ast? she said little, but her husband saw she was different, and they grew happier together. and then a resolve came into clara's mind. it had happened one day shortly after her marriage, in looking through some drawers, she had come upon a packet amnongst her husband's paprs. "for kati, christmas, 18s8--,"was the simple itscrlplion on it. opening it, she saw thatitcontalinedabautifully'designedbrceeh, with a miniature of philip on the reverse side; philip as she knew him first-not the grave husband of her married days. she remembered now how philip always evaded her request to have his likeness taken. he who soarcely ever refused a request of here. now she undorstood why it had been so. she pushed the packet back petulantly into the drawer, but the thought of it came back to her in these later days, and she re.   solved she would send for katie. she had something to say to her. "she will not refuse me," she thought, "they say she is so kind and good." katie read mrs leigh's note with consider able surprise, for though they had occasion ally met in society, nothing like friendship had been possible between them. she felt how painful sunoh a visit would be, but still knowing how ill clara was she felt she could not refuse to go. it was with some agitation she prepared for her visit, and crossed for the first time the threshold of philip's home. she went up the wide staircase with a sense of unreality. was this the place, the house, she had once thought to become its happy mistressp and now it was as a stranger she entered within its doors. as she went along a corri dor she saw through the open door a room which was evidently philip's study. - what a rush of memories over-powered herof the days when they had talked together of this very study, where she was to sit in her own corner, whilst he was busy with literary work; and she was to listen and admire and perhaps, criticise. she hurried on, not daring to stop and think, and followed the maid into mrs leigh's pre sence. clara was lying on the couch in her handsomely-furnished bed chamber, and her almost unearthly beauty, with the evident signs of her fatal disease, startled katie, pre pared, asehe was, to find her ill. "i am. sorry to see you like this, mrs leigh," she said gently. "is there anything ican do for you?" clara looked up at the compassionate grey eyes which regarded her, and said "thankyou for coming, liss bryce; you will have been wondering why i should ask you of all people to visit me, but i don't think i shall be here long." " ant dying," she added after a pause, as though to gather strength for what she wanted teeny, " and i want a promise from you. i know i spoiled your life. you have little cause to feel dcindly towards me ; but will you be good to my boy if-f-" "we will not discuss this subject, if you please," returned katie proudly. "had i thought it possible such a thing could have been touched upon, i should not have come here to- day," and she moved away as though to end the interview. " oh !" said the sick woman, impatiently. "can you not forgive me ? you must listen to me. katie bryce, you do not know what my life was until i met philip. i never knew what a home really was: always at school, or amongst people who cared nothing for me. my mother died when i was a mere child; my father a year later. i had only to look forward to living with my brother, who had no great love for me, and his wife i had. never seen. you had a different bringing up to mine. you cannot understand what the temptation was to me. i see now how wicked i was to take philip from you ; but," she added, brokenly, "he does love mea little. \ve were growing contented with each other, but cod will not lot me stay." she stopped, exhausted with the effort of talking, and just then little philip woke up from his sleep in the cot beside his mother's couch. lee sat up rosy and tumbled, with one dimpled shoulder peeping out of hs little dress. ihe sat looking at katio, wil.: no fear in the great dark eyes; only child wonder : and did not cry, as some children would have done when she stooped to kiss him. " what a lovely boy," she said. his mother gathered him to her, with a half-jealous movement, crying, " \vill you give me the promise i want ? oh, you must ! you must !" katie regarded the child, who was looking at her with philip's eyes, and said falter ingly, " the future is not in my hands, mrs leigh. his father will care for him better better than any other can do, but," she added, after a pause, "if ever it should be in mypower to be his friend, i promise you he shall not find me wanting." katio saw the rested look on clara's face as she sank back on her pillow, and saying, "i can trust you, miss bryeoo, you will do as you say," she put out her hand to katie, who, taking it, bent down to kiss the pale brow, and said gently, as the nurse came into the room, "good-bye, dear mrs leigh," and went away with her eyes full of tears, followed to the last by clara's wistful looks. not long after this she saw the announcement of mrs leigh's death. she had declined rapidly from the time of katie's visit. philip scarcely left her, and the day before her death she sand to him suddenly, " i shall not trouble you long now, philip." " hush," he answered sadly. " you are my dear wife." and the wordsseemed to satisfy her. once -just at the last-she whispered, " tell katio not to forget." philip thought she wandered. later he knew what she had meant. chapter iv. a.notl[el c?inusrt3a s day. " i hear the footsteps of my love, thie rnsule of her robe i hear, and feel her near." two years later than the evenls told in the last chapter, katie and her father were once more staying at gringigalgona. they were to keep christmas there, and ?atio was busy helping her aunt and cousin prepare for the large picnio mrs ainslie was to give on christmas eve. many of the neighboring equattors with their families were invited, and katie wondered if philip loigh would come also, for she knew he was stayinu at iellorslio. the next station to her aunt's. they had met twice since his wifeu's death-once at a garden-party at toorak, once at a con cert, but beyond a formal bow, or a few con ventional words, they had met almost as strangers. poor little katie. she dared to think of him now, as he was in the old days, before that trouble came. she knew too well her own heart was unchauged. but philip? 'read he forgotten her? well, perhaps she would see him, and oh i how her heart hungered for a sight of his face, for the sound of his voice. christmas eve dawned clear and bright. an australian summer day, but no hot wind or intense heat. the place chosen for the pionio was a lovely spot, with a view of the grampinns rising clear and blue in the dis tance. alarso party were assembled, and in the highestspiritd, every one prepared for the day's enjoyment. and philip leigh was there. katie saw him, but he made no efforet to approach her for the greater part of the day. late m the afternodn, however,. when she had wandered alone into the bush, looking for some wild flowers, from which to paint a table for her aunt, she came upon him etanding under a large weeping gum. he spoke afew wordsthen, and she asked after little philip. "i have a faithful nur.so who cares forhim devotedly," 'philip told her, "and he is a strong, healthy, little man." then he added, with an almost impercept ible hesitation, "it ia well i can leave him in seuoh good hands, for i think it possible i imay take a voyage to the old country-even stay there." katie stooped to gather some flowers, hid. ing her face from view, and then said quietly, " how nice to be able to travel about. i have flowere enough now, i think," and she turned to rejoin the others. philip leigh walked beside her, sayinr little, and they were soon at the spot whore the rest of their party were gathered, discus sing the advisability of a start for homne. unt somehow katie felt that the sunshine had gone out of her day. iiomes was reached in time for as early tea, after which meal all were busy netting ready for the tabloeaux the great event of the evening. the larage hall had been fitted up with a stage, and no trouble had been spared to make it a suc cessful evening. katie and daisio were both to take part in the first tableau, "auild robin grey." whilst the two girls were dressing together, daisio said shyly, "roy and 1are to be married at the end of summer, and oh i kitty, dear," continued the warmnhearted girl, as she threw down the dress she was just putting on and flung her arms round her cousin. "oh!iwish,i wish you could be happy, so i" "do i look very forlorn, daeiso f"said katie, with a little sile "i am not un happy, dea er." "yeo," replied the cousin; "you irs   always nice and good, but, ibitty, are you never going to forgetp-or, perhaps," -she added thoughtfully, "it is all coming right." ,katie had no reply to make to this; aheonly kissed her cousin, as she said: "daisie, i thinkrboy will make youhappy, and that will help to make me so, too." then the work of dressing went on, and then came the summons for them to take their parts; and all was pleasant chatter and expectation amongst the guests and inmates of the house. just as the first tableau was concluded-no one knew how it happened but in some way katie's gown caught fire from a footlight. all was terror and confu sion, but almost before she had realised her danger a strongarm wrapped a rug about her, and she knew she was safe. philip's quick movements had probably saved her from a terrible death-at least from much suffering.. katie was a little burned about the arms; snufficiently so for the need of having them dressed, and that together with the shock, ended katie's share of the evening's amuse ment. but as she lay on the couch in her room, where she had made them all leave her, declaring she was in no need of ~nursing, katie was far too happy to mint a few burns, or a solitary evening. for had she not heard philip's low wordar ashe wrapped her in the rug? " my,darling, my katie.' what did anything matter' if only "philip loved her still? and when on ;christmas morning, feeling but little theworse for her adventure, katie went out into the shady garden, it was with a dreamy eoneoiousneas of some happy time drawing near to her. it almost seemed to her that the past three or four years had been but a painful dream, and shewas anin waitingand watch ing for her lover's return from over the seas. so when philip, ridingover with thi avowed purposeof asking how miss bryce was after the accident of the past night, and when he had been told by daisie that her cousin was somewhere in the garden-few words were needed. philip, as he came to where katie sat under the shade of the elm tree, which was the pride of her aunt's garden, inquired how she was, and then said almost abruptly, as he placed himself by her side. "it is impossible, miss bryce, that i can meet you as i am doing, and remain as a stranger to you, or see you indifferontto me. will you come to me after all, katie? i shall never marry again unless you will be my wife." katic, as she looked at him. saw the touch of silver the years had brought into his dark hair, and the sadness which shadowed his dark eyes-and she know he, too, had suf fered by their separation. wtis it not her part to forgive freely out of her great love? should she not make him glad once more? so katie's answer brought the old light into his. face, as he placed upon her finger the ring he had given her long soo. "ihave carried it about with me ever since you sent it back to ime, katie. wvas it wrong ?" katie smiled thoughtfully as she replied to him. "i don't know. philip, luti i am quite sure i am very glad to have my ring again." philip told the story of his voyage out. "it is better you should know how it was,. dear, and then we shall close that chapter of our past." katie, on iher part, told hi,, of her visit to his wife, a fact he had known nutlintg about, and then he understood her illusion when dying to katie. ". shall love your boy, philip, and re member that his mother trusted me." katie kept her word. in af:er years no childof her own was allowed to put philip's first-born out of his rightful place in his father's heart and home. "but how am i to face your father, katie," asked philip after a while. the discreet daisie, seeing nothing of either philip or katie, guessed how matters were, and neither disturbedthemherseolf,nor allowed anyone else to do so. thus they found plenty of time to discuss all these things. " oh i katie, his letter to me made me feel my baseness, but i deserved it all. will, he trust me to take care of you after all, my katie?" " his love for me will make him willing," she replied. and then seeing how deeply he was moved at the remembrance of that un happy time, she added, lightly, "see and. treat me properly, sir, or i shall not answer for the consequences." so this christmas day, with ir recovered joy end happy promise, made the lm ?mory of that other one when 'rkati was desolate and philip faithless leoss painful as the years went on. yet it left its trace upon both. philip was grave for his years, and katie never quite the light- hearted girl she had once been.        505		bajau: or, the gipsies of the sea   chapter i the gentleman adventurers.   the storyteller.   bajau; or, the gipsies of the sea. a tale of the new guinea expedition. by marcus clarke.   chapter i. the gentleman adventurers.   it was a dead calm, and the schooner swung with flapping sails in the dangerous waters of the papuan sea. there were some dozen of us smoking on the   deck, and at we glanced at the low purple line, which, breaking the violet haze, gave promise of the land we had come so far to seek, a silence born of doubt and the hour fell upon us. not that we were afraid. the perils of the desperate venture had been well and earnestly weighed in many a smoke- parliament beneath the friendly roofs of melbourne and sydney hostelries ; but now, brought face to face with the mystery of the unknown island, whose golden treasures we had vowed to seize, we, for the first time during the past three months, began seriously to reflect. " the only place left to be explored is new guinea," said one day the ever-volatile voul- laire, sipping absinthe in king's melbourne cafe. " let us go and explore it." allan forbes laughed his own dangerous laugh, and followed it with his usual sneer. " that is work for men, not dreamers," he said. " who would go up to ramoth gilead to battle, nowadays !" " i, for one, très cher" replied guy lusig- nan, stretching his big arms out wearily. " i am tired of gambling in mathias', and drinking second-rate moet at kate's. moreover, my money is running out." " mine has run out long since," said rowley. "king, a cigar!" " come, lads, hearts-o'-gold!" exclaimed voullaire. " let us brave the risk! the place is a paradise. littlejohn, who was killed at the wahnono, told me that the women wore bangles round their wrists as thick as boot-soles." the eyes of jack petherick, part- owner of the blackbird, sparkled. "who told you that, voullaire ?" " littlejohn." "bah! i've been there." we all turned towards him. a new member of our society—a society drawn together by recklessness, poverty, and that camaraderie of bohemia which is stronger than ties of blood, —the bald-headed gray beard had made himself notable by his quaint experience. he had been in the navy. he had fought side by side with garibaldi. he had lived through nine revolu- tions in paraguay, and alone travelled to cuzco when the plains swarmed with insurgents. he was present at the death of maximilian; and had returned from a cruise among the pearl islands, loaded with bright sydney sovereigns. " you have been there ?" said languid de vigne. "it is not unlikely. if empedocles had consulted you before jumping in ætna you would have told him that you had ' been there.' well, and what did you do ?" " i killed seven men," said petherick. " and each of your crew seven more, i sup- pose ?" asked lusignan. "at least seven; for i have bold fellows with me, and they would sell their lives dearly." " they were killed, then ?" "they were—and eaten." " —and thou only art escaped to tell us! wonderful!" sneered allan forbes. " well, i will risk escape again, if you will come with me," returned petherick, coolly; " for when i was there last i found this," and he produced a nugget of gold as big as a bullet. there was no question as to the value of the object. most of us had seen too many gold- fields to be in doubt as to their produce. " but how can we be sure that you found that nugget in new guinea?" asked forbes. " don't show your teeth, man, but suppose me naptali the jew, and give me a business answer." " i do not lie," said petherick ; " and if you will throw in with me i'll land ye on the coast by christmas." " by heaven," cried voullaire, springing to his feet, " i am with you, for one!" " and i," said lusignan, pitching his friend's absinthe into the fireplace—" if only to save you from being poisoned." " and i to save my tobacconist from ruin," said rowley. " and i, to save my bailiff from suicide," said felix sturm. " and i, because i want to catch two white jews," said allan forbes. " white jews ?" " yes. it has long been held by ethnologists that new guinea is the habitation of that rare creature, the white jew. if i can catch two i shall make my fortune." " if you get to the spot where i found this," said jack petherick, "you'll make all our for- tunes." that night the expedition was arranged— arranged to the music of sturm's piano-playing and the popping of champagne corks;—surely as wild and desperate an expedition as was un- dertaken since william dampier marched across the isthmus of panama, or captain watling swore bis men to " kill all spaniards and keep the sabbath day." petherick was to take command, with allan forbes as his second in authority. each man was bound to obedience by a code of rules—short enough in itself, but too long to quote here—which had served our grim commander in many a strange venture of similar character; and all were to share alike. " i will find the ship and the provisions, boys; you bring clothes, arms, and lives." so, drowned in floods of champagne, upborne upon clouds of tobacco smoke, and sealed with shouts of wildest laughter, the deed of asso- ciation received the signatures of thirteen gentlemen adventurers bound for a new eldo- rado in that mysterious papua which had so long defied the conquering races of the west. it was not until after many difficulties that we had at last reached our goal. but these difficulties had but served to knit us closer to- gether. when the smug official at the custom house looked askance at pethetick's story of sandal-wood and béche-de-la-mer, courtly de vigne, with all the diplomatic grace of his old chief, explained the commercial value of the venture. when a doubt was raised as to the legal rights of one of us, tom rowland solemnly plunged back again into his recollections of common law to aid us. when allan forbes fell overboard in a squall off the coast, voullaire who swam like a duck, jumped after him, and held him until we dragged them, both dripping, to safety. when sturm fell into quarrel with a huge kanaka-man, and dropped beneath a * copyright reserved.   club blow, guy lusignan slung from the hip that mighty fist, and mono, the bully of the whaler, fell bellowing with a broken jaw. when, at noumea, where we put in for water and fruit, harry birkenshaw was beset by sailors maddened upon new brandy, it was silent chateau-roy who parried, with lithe and leaping steel, the brandished cutlasses. artists, soldiers, scribblers, what not,—we had merged our individuality into the one great personality of the expedition, and having become by turns cooks, helmsmen, and pilots, we each knew the vessel as an arab knows his war-charger, and were proud with a pride which was wholly hers. forbes was the first to break silence. " there is some pleasure in living a life like this," he said. "we have abolished conven- tionalities. i pull a rope for you to-day—you keep a watch for me to-morrow; i cook your dinner this week, and you cook mine next." " ah, ah!" laughed voullaire; " but i shan't risk a spear through my shoulder to get river craw-fish for soup a la bisque, as you did." "by heaven, forbes, you have genius for cookery. who taught you the secret of that marvellous ragout with which you astonished the governor at noumea ?" " i learned that in algeria ; chateau-boy will tell you the recipe." " dieu de dieu ! no," said the ex-captain of spahis. " i never learnt any recipe for cookery save that of polissier." " 'tis a strange chance which has brought us thus together," said de vigne, musingly. " i wonder if this expedition was predestined to take place in this fashion?" " you may be sure,—from the beginning of all time. the chain of events began with that unlucky stroll of madame eve in the garden, and continued unbroken until the last time i threw double sixes and ruined myself in conse- quence." " pshaw, de vigne, you were never a gambler." " tres beaux yeax de la cassette were not the beaux geax that led you to ruin." "you think not? well, perhaps you are right. for what do men abandon home and friends?" " perhaps from sheer weariness," yawned lusignan," like oliphant, or browning's friend waring. i knew a man who held one of the most brilliant positions in london, and who one fine morning hoisted sail and disappeared into the pacific ocean." " i knew him also," said i ;"he was my friend, hugh borlase." all started at a name which recalled the brightest memories of young manhood. hugh borlase, son of a great house, and rich as beck- ford, had blazed for two years in the great world, and then vanished no one knew whither. he had turned all his available property into cash, and the last sign of him was the farewell gun of his yacht as she passed the needles. for ten years none had heard of him. " i wonder where he is," said forbes. " i remember him well. i met him in hungary. a magnificent fellow." " murdered by his crew, probably," said petherick, grimly. " the yacht was never heard of again, and he had much gold on board, so they said at samarang." "at samarang! then he reached so far." " yes; he came down from singapore on a visit with van den hooghen; but i don't know what became of him afterwards." "strange fellow," murmured rowland. " and yet he lived his life, i suppose. if i had a yacht and a fortune, i would visit samarang." " there is a breeze," cried petherick. " thank heaven, we're moving at last. to-morrow shows us our eldorado." " ah," said felix, in his soft voice,— " over the mountains of the moon, in the valley of the shadow, ride, boldly ride," the sage replied, " if you seek for eldorado !" chapter ii. monte christo in the south. when morning dawned the land which had lain purple before us in the dusk of evening uprose clear and bright under our lee. petherick got out his charts. " i have been mistaken," he said. " this is not new guinea. it is an island." as he spoke, forbes, who had been examin- ing with a glass the forest-fringed coast, uttered a cry : " there is some one living on that place," said he. he handed me the telescope, and i looked. sure enough there rose into the clear morning air the smoke of a fire. we held a council of war. the strangers might be papuans—savages only too eager to destroy us ; and yet our charts gave no sign of an inhabited island in this place. we had been carefully informed as to the navigation of the papuan seas, and petherick staked his reputa- tion that we should find no natives nearer than the great island continent. it was resolved at last—resolved on the urging of allan forbes, ever the foremost in daring—that a boat's crew should land and explore. i, forbes, lusignan, and two kanaka-men accordingly put off from the vessel. it was a long and weary pull, but as we neared the shore the apparently impenetrable forest opened, and disclosed a broad and winding river rolling swiftly over silver sands. at the mouth of this river was an object which took us all by sur- prise. it was an iron chain drawn across from bank to bank. we lay on our oars, and looked at each other in blankest amazement. " there is some mystery here!" cried forbes. " some fine fellow has discovered our eldorado before us. wait here, lusignan, with the boat. we will explore a little." flinging his rifle on his shoulder, allan leapt ashore; i followed him. there was a well trodden path through the wood, or rather jungle and we moved along rapidly. suddenly i heard a muffled cry from forbes, and before i could comprehend the situation, a dark figure leapt out of the jungle, and flung a soft object like a scarf over my face. in another instant i was bound and helpless. " keep silence," said a voice in french, " and no harm shall befall you." then i was lifted from the ground, placed in what seemed to me to be a litter, and borne rapidly on. my reflections were not pleasant. this was a fitting beginning to our expedition, truly! we no sooner sight land than we go rambling through the forests like school-boys, and are captured ignominiously by some pirate or bandit who has made this island his own. i was debating what sort of fate would befall us, when the litter stopped, i was placed on my feet, and the suffocating cloak removed. dazzled by the sudden light, it was some seconds before i could realise the astounding position in which i found myself. i was standing on a broad terrace of baked brick ; above me rose a large white house built in mexican fashion, of clay, and having a flat roof, which literally blazed with flowers. forbes and myself were in the grasp of four dyaks,   and in front of us, leaning on a rifle, stood the figure of a man clad in white saracote, or shirt of raw silk, and having on his head one of those pith hat-helmets worn by the wealthy natives of the phillippines. we raised our eyes to his face, and simultaneously uttered a cry. despite the brown glory of his beard we recognised him at once. it was hugh borlase. in another instant our bonds were cut, and we were free. " am i in a dream of the "arabian nights ?" said i. borlase laughed—a little uneasily, as seemed to me. " there is nothing to be surprised at," he said; "i am the owner of this place, that is all. i am rich, and i prefer to live here than to die of civilisation in london. pray what brings you to my estate ?" we told him briefly the reason of our coming, and he frowned. " the enterprise is mad, desperate; abandon it." " stuff! my good fellow," said allan forbes, nettled at the grand air of his host." i should have thought that you knew me better than to advise such an absurdity. we did not turn back in styria, as the wild boar found to his cost." "true," said borlase, mollified by the recol- lection. "it is useless to advise you, i suppose. come in, and have some claret and ice." "claret and ice in this part of the world! are you a magician ?" "no ; only a millionaire. come in." we followed our host, who led us up the steps of the broad verandah (polished like ma- hogany) to a spacious hall, hung round with valuable arms. here an indian boy brought borlase—who wore in malay fashion only pan- taloons of cotton rolled above the knee—a pair of moresque slippers, into which he thrust his naked and elegant feet. "i dress after the custom of the country," he said ; " but i have not abandoned my habit of living." as he spoke he flung open the door of patchali wood, and ushered us into a magnificent saloon, furnished with all the solid comfort of the dutch, com- bined with the barbaric magnificence of the javanese princes. curtains of gold tissue hung between pillars of stained and carved boshong. the inlaid floor was covered by a carpet from the looms of persia, and the hangings of the walls were enriched with the glowing feathers of the manok dewata, the bird of paradise of the early navigators. in this bizarre apart- ment were grouped those treasures of art for which the house of borlase was famous. tazzas, goblets, statuettes, and paintings en- chanted on every side. vases by cellini or copellano bloomed with the crimson flowers of the dumina, or glistened with the waxen petals of the matari manis. round three sides of the apartment ran an aviary filled with the rarest birds of a quarter of the globe rich in rare feathers, and extravagant in marvellous dyes. it was a dream from the thousand and one tales. it was the vision of an opium eater. this new monte christo struck a silver gong (the common means of communication in the households of the nobles of batavia), and the summons was answered by two yellow-faced but well-formed children, bearing, one a huge block of ice enthroned upon a silver dish ; the other a basket of the nangali creeper, from which peeped the familiar necks of claret-bottles. * " you may think this curious," said borlase; but a moment's reflection will convince you that it is as easy to drink veuve ciiquot in new guinea, as it is to drink bass' ale on bendigo. the only difference is the price. i pay it." "but the ice?" queried allan forbes, drop- ping a huge piece into his goblet. i think it wanton waste to ice claret, unless the ice is very costly." "be easy," said the recluse. " i make the ice myself. you have a company in melbourne who use the same process." in silence we sat and sipped. in truth there was nothing so very outrageous in this mag- nificence. given the original possession of the pictures, the bronzes, and the statues, together with the money-power to transport builders and carpenters to this wild region, and the house in which we found ourselves followed as a matter of course. supposing, for the sake of extravagant supposition, that the erection of the edifice in which we drank our claret cost, together with the furnishings, so large a sum as a quarter of a million, hugh borlase might still have to his credit in the fat books of pou- jervanden kooch, of banda and siam, another half-million, or the banking-house of borlase was belied on 'change. once established, his ex- penses, even though ninety servants called him master, would not equal the outlay of a london dandy in the ascot week. it was not im- probable that, from a commercial point of view, this strange recluse had economised in his very recklessness. the only wonder was that a man of his reputed tastes should have chosen so ex- travagant a life. " do you never get wearied here ?" i asked. " wearied ? no. i have too much to do. i have lawns to make, trees to plant, seeds to sow." " but intellectual converse?" his brows grew dark. " i—— well, i have books by every mail. it is as easy for mr mudie to plaster "banda" as hackney wick on his book parcel. i and my kihozah can paddle over in two days, or sail in thirty-four hours." "but the climate ?" " i live sensibly. i wear naked feet and legs, a shirt of raw silk swathes my body. i bathe a dozen times a day. when heated by walking or running i obey nature's promptings, which say—' cool yourself;'—i plunge into the river; i swim; i feel my muscles regain their youthful strength. i then dry myself in the sun, as do the indians. i feel young again. each nerve tightens, each muscle springs, my blood no longer crawls but bounds through my veins. i mount my fleetest horse and dash through the forest, or i seize the paddle of the bark canoe and skim over the sea of sapphire beneath a sun like red-hot opal. that is life!" " but few can afford to thus sacrifice soul to sense," said i. "we will be all of your mind if you will show us how to find the means." "earn it by hard work, like my worthy banker-father, and then your sons will spend it as lavishly as i do.' but we talk too much. understand me; i do not wish to be disturbed in my solitude. i receive you because you are old friends. but i have quitted for ever the world which once knew me, and i care not to renew my acquaintance with it. above all, i forbid you to bring your horde of adventurers here. you have already a specimen of the way in which i am served, and i assure you in all friendliness that i have many adherents in these seas. go. pursue your sordid expedition, and forget me!" allan forbes rose to his full height, his fore- head black with rage. "listen!" he cried. "we are not school- girls to be awed by romantic nonsense like this. we are men, and bound on men's work."   borlase raised the amber mouthpiece of his nargilhè to his lips. he had thrown himself back upon a pile of damask cushions, and laughed serenely. "your men's work, dear forbes, will end in men's death, i fear. you do not know the mysteries of these seas." " we know as much as other sailors who have anchored less gallant craft than ours under the shadow of this lonely land." " not quite," said borlase. " those other sailors know most things now. they are dead." "what!" "ah, you are touched! well, turn your vessel's beak to shore, and depart out of this un- holy place." " by heaven, borlase, you try my patience too far! if you can live here, why can not we ?" " because you come with thoughts of wrath and rapine; i came with friendly feelings merely. you wish to conquer ; i asked but to be left in peace." " but would savages admit the difference of this fine distinction ?" " make no error," said borlase, raising him- self upon his elbow with sudden enthusiasm. "the men of whom i speak are no savages. they are more civilized than any nation of the east, save those strange japanese." allan forbes shouted in laughter. "half naked savages!" borlase stretched forth a hand, and showering a snow-white heap of flower-petals on the carpet, tossed the vase which held them to his interlocutor, "do you call that the work of a savage ?" said he. forbes looked at the cup, and then his strong fingers closed on it, crushing it. "tell me where you got this, my hugh, and our schooner leaves your river mouth within an hour. refuse to impart the knowledge, and within six months i will have this island overrun with the despe- radoes of california and the gold-fields. this cup is of virgin gold !" "do you not think that the men who found it, and who have for the last hundred years preserved the knowledge of it, can defend them- selves ? bah! you have made a discovery which thousands have made before you. this barbaric coast line of new guinea, inhabited only by savage monsters of huge stature and unappeasable ferocity, is really the boundary of a great empire, the saturn's ring of a new planet. the interior of the vast island- conti- nent which stretches away to the eastward is a fertile land more civilised than was ancient mexico, more wild in religious extravagance than was ancient egypt, more rich in metals than was the 'ophir' of solomon. it is the el- dorado of raleigh ; the 'land of gold' of which cortes dreamed." " then, by the almighty who created it, it shall be ours!" said forbes. "come, boy, to the boat! we will leave this sensualist to his dreams, and steal his inheritance while he sleeps." the calm tones of the strange man whose hospitality we shared iced the enthusiasm roused by allan's words. "be not so rash!" he said. "i thought like you, when first i came into this lovely land. but soon—although my might of wealth was such that i commanded fealty from most—i found that all about these island straits there lived some strange and sullen empire which overlived mine own. in vain with gold, with precept, ridicule, example, all that could either tempt or shame my slaves to dare, i urged them to explore the continent and make the mystery clear. some tenor mightier than that of death withheld them." "of course you went alone ?" said allan sneeringly. " i did. i found the terror, and i braved it." " well ?" " — i live in peace." " but we? we who are pledged to bring back news; what shall we say ?" "anything! this, certainly—that any ex- pedition to that place will end in misery, torture, and death!" " encouraging," sneered forbes. "but we are pledged, and we must not turn back! good-bye, dear borlase, and do not blame us if within a year you have the cradle of the queensland diggers rocking amid your tree tops!" "stay!" said borlase. "do not be rash in judgment. you know not what perils you would risk. i have other lives beside mine own to think of. wait an instant!"— and passing through an outer door into the interior of the house, he left us. we sat and looked at each other. this won- derful and yet simple house in the wilderness astonished us. at first glance the story of our friend's life seemed like some wild dream, fan- tastic and unsubstantial; at the second, we found ourselves compelled to admit that the apparent wonder was really but the ordinary result of the commonest of attributes—wealth and eccentricity. borlase returned. he seemed troubled, as though his meditation had cost him pain; but it was evident that he had resolved to aid us. " see here," he said. " there is in the con- tinent yonder more gold than your wildest dreams ever pictured. the dross for which men peril their lives so readily is there in abun- dance; so vast that the very discovery of it would reduce its value beneath that of copper. some day or other the discovery must be made. i will aid you to make it now, on one condi- tion." " name it." "that this visit be your last. fill your vessel with ore if you choose; load her to the water's edge with ingots, but let this one load be sufficient for your extravagances. come here no more. leave me to my seclusion, and take care that no adventurers like yourselves gain hint of the secret of your treasure-house. you are gentlemen. give me your word to do this, and i am content." "but why this secrecy?" i asked. "you are rich, but no man is so rich that he can afford to fling away a fortune like this." " i will tell you why. the continent of new guinea is inhabited by a race of men akin to that which ruled and civilised the america which cortes conquered. they are a great nation, tracing their descent from a still greater nation, and in the centre of this seemingly barbaric region they have preserved the civilisation and the religion of the land of anahuac. the people are ignorant of the value of the yellow metal, which, employed for the basest of pur- poses, is held in esteem by the priests only. these men—think of the civilisation of japan, once as little known as this same continent, and check your laughter—have weighed well the chances of admitting into their kingdom the dreaded nations of the west, who, not content with the possession of men's bodies, must strive to capture their souls also. the pakahos of new guinea have established a policy of cen- tralisation. in the middle of the vast island they inhabit rises the great temple of kitz-   polchi, god of the smoking hearts, and round the huge tescalli are grouped all the hideous insignia of the bloody theology of mexico. here are still carried on those awful rites which horrified the stalwart spaniards, and caused the destruction of the palace of axayacatt. from this terrible centre radiate the tribal circles in ever-lessening civilisation until the forest-girt coasts give birth only to the uncouth and savage giants who—ignorant alike of religion and humanity—know but one law, to ' kill the stranger.' " " but how, then, do you live unharmed ?" " because i have made alliance with these people. beyond the coast line is yet another line of defence. in java, sumatra, and borneo, you will from time to time meet with men of yellow skins, aquiline noses, and blue eyes. they follow no stated occupation. they owe allegiance to no one. they have no settled home; they live on board their ships, and give out that they are traders. the dutch mer- chants and the javanese princes ignore the national existence of these people, as the eng- lish, the french, and the spaniards ignored the national existence of the wandering tribes of egypt. but in the secret hearts of the people —chinese, malay, or dyak—the power of these haughty strangers is acknowledged, for they are the fleet of the unknown nation of new guinea —the terrible bâjou—the gipsies of the sea." "i have heard of them," said forbes. " their existence and their vengeances form an exhaust- less theme for the storytellers of the opium house. but how came you to secure the favor of this race?" "simply. i saved the life of their chief, when condemned by the koompâni for piracy. he was to have suffered at acehoen by the hands of the headsman. when i set him once more on board his vessel, salâka swore by his god, garam-medilant,* that he would befriend me. his flotilla-swarm hover round this island. with a word i could bid them light on the cities of the coast, and in a week your dutch- men's civilisation would have vanished as vanishes the carcass of an elephant before an army of travelling ants." " and they know this." hugh borlase bowed. "now you know my power. i could sweep you and your vessel from the seas as i puff away this tobacco ash." "then why not do it," cried forbes. "i am willing to risk a thrust from the kriss of one of your murderous ally's followers." "tush! fortune has thrown you hither. i take the best course to be quit of you. your word for yourself and companions that you quit these shores when i have satisfied your lust of plunder, and to-morrow i will lead you to the banks of the umâli, where you scrape the gold dust in your hands." forbes looked at me. "i promise," he said; "but after ?" "after what ?" " after you have led us to the treasure house ?" " then i return here. you must defend yourselves, and you will be attacked." allan forbes rose and bowed stiffly. " you have our promise, and you need not fear us. if my captain does not accept your offer, we shall attempt the treasure house for ourselves. if he does, i shall have the honor to send a boat for you in the morning." " i have my own canoe," said borlase; " sig- nal, and i shall put off to you." * * * * * * * i need not detail the discussion with lusig- nan, nor the subsequent council held on board the blackbird. at daylight the signal was made.   chapter iii the river with the sands of gold. the noon was sultry as a furnace mouth, and from out the sluggish river rose clouds of steam. the four boats had been pulling up stream since daylight, and borlase, seated in his long pirogue, manned by four lithe and muscular indians, shot ahead, returning and beckoning us onward, as a dragon fly might shoot ahead of four sluggish water beetles. forbes com- manded the first boat, lusignan the second, voullaire the third, while i brought up the rear. petherick with the rest kept watch at the mouth of the river. a sharp whistle caused us to pause. bor- lase darted back. " there is yet time," he said, " for prudence. will you return ?" a wild shout was his answer, and the four boats, ranging alongside, pulled hard to overtake his flashing pirogue, which, obedient to an inclination of his head, had already shot onwards and rounded a promontory which barred our view of the river. another instant, and the gold we had come so far to seek grated beneath our keels as they ran up into what seemed a yellow and sandy beach. impetuous voullaire leapt out with a cry of enthusiasm, and burying both hands to the wrists in the shining sand flung it up above his head in glittering handfuls. " old heber must have dreamed of this place when he wrote his hymn about afric something fountains rolling down their golden sand!" cried he. "why we can shovel it into the boats like wheat." borlase stood aloof in the stream, with one foot on the bows of his pirogue and his chin upon his hand, contemplating the scene. "so. i have fulfilled my promise; see that ye keep yours. kejali!"† and the light canoe darted off. we worked all that day—if work it could be called, for in truth we had only to scoop up the gold dust and fling it into our boats—and re- turned to the ship without accident. pethe- rick, accustomed to the stratagems of savages laughed at the tale of borlase, but ordered a strict watch to be set. the night passed in security, and over the dense forests brooded a silence which seemed almost ominous. the next day we returned to our treasure house. although we had already under hatches four boats' load of the precious ore, the sands glittered as smoothly as yesterday. as borlase said, the supply of gold was so enormous that were its discovery made known to the world, the value of the ore would be reduced below that of copper. and yet the inhabitants of this mysterious region had contrived to keep the secret for three centuries. that evening pethe- rick was uneasy. "this calm is unnatural," he said. "we are at the very mouth of their sacred river, and yet they make no sign. i do not like it." but the second night passed as tranquilly as the first, save that the silence of the forests was broken by the shrill, unceasingly re-echoed cry of the belltopan.‡ at dawn the pirogue flashed alongside, and borlase stood on the deck. " have you not got gold enough ? " he said. " i am oppressed with a sense of danger. all last night i saw lights twinkling on the sea, and there was wafted an odor as of a champâll forest burning. i have broken my implied pro- [* the salt sea. †home. ‡a bird like a toucan.]   mise to these men to serve you. i dread what vengeance they may be preparing." petherick looked grave. " a champâll forest burning! that is the sacred tree of the kopras. they never fire it unless on occasions of religious ceremonial. yet we have but been two days at the place." " remain no longer. yon have already gold enough to give each a fortune beyond the dreams of avarice." " i will have one more day!" cried forbes. "we have but some paltry half-million or so among us. and remember we are pledged not to return again." after some discussion, it was agreed that this trip should be our last, and borlase volunteered to accompany us. the day passed as had done the two former days, in silence. we loaded our boats and returned just as the sky began to redden with evening. borlase had recovered his spirits, and bent himself to an oar to rest voullaire, who had complained of the fatigue. smoking and chatting, we floated down towards the broader bay where lay the schooner, when suddenly voullaire uttered a cry, and raising the rifle that rested across his knees, fired into the jungle bank. the shot aroused myriads of birds, which flew screaming and circling above our heads. " what was it?"we all asked. " a man!"said voullaire. " i saw him peep between the leaves of that huge gobâna!" borlase drew his kris, and leapt into the river. another instant he was standing at the trunk of the tree pointed out by voullaire. we ran the boat alongside. borlase pointed to a patch of white where the bullet had skinned the bark, and then held out a leaf on which were three bright red spots. " you had missed him," he said, simply. "if he was alone, which i doubt, he will carry the alarm." forbes was for springing ashore and starting in pursuit, but borlase checked him. "why shed blood? you have your boats full. this is your last night here. back to the ship, and crowd on all sail. i will answer for this deed myself." awed in a measure by his words, we returned to the schooner, and as we reached her, lusig- nan pointed in the direction of the island-home of our host. borlase turned, and uttered a cry like that of a wounded tiger. a bright flame uprose from where his house had been, and shot shuddering up into the night. " curses on you and your greed !" he cried, leaping into the pirogue. "see what it has cost! come with me some of ye, for god's sake!" chateau-roy, de vigne, and i held up our hands. "go on, lads," cried petherick, rapidly pro- ceeding with the shipment of the gold-dust. "i'll be down after ye." the canoe shot through the water, despite our added weight, for the eight arms of the indians seemed animated by one soul, and we rapidly neared the burning island. the wind had carried the flames away from the house, a great portion of which we could see standing black against the burning forest ; but there seemed no sign of life along the terrace or the shore. the instant the nose of the pirogue touched the bank, borlase leapt out of her, and breaking through the smouldering door way, dashed into the house alone. we three— the evil fates of our friend—stared at each other, clutching our rifles. presently, from out the interior of the house arose a cry, so full of woe, of agony, and of despair, that it appalled us. we rushed forward in the direction of the sound, and found ourselves in what had been a magnificent boudoir, furnished with every luxury that fancy could suggest. the vases were broken, the flowers scattered, torn music and mangled books littered the carpet, and on the floor by the open window lay the only sign of the late occupant—an indian scarf and a tiny gold-embroidered slipper. this, then, was the mystery of borlase's seclusion. " come man," i said; " rouse yourself!" hugh borlase lifted a haggard face, to which terror and despair had already given the look of age, and handed me a pupuk leaf, on which some characters were traced with the point of a sharp instrument. " this is what my civilised friends have brought upon me," he said, in a voice which had all the steadiness of despair. " this is from the man whose life i saved :— 'you have broken faith with the pakaho. she whom you love will die for kitzpolchi. i, salâka, who owe you a life, am appointed to deal you this blow ?" " are you satisfied now, gentlemen ?" chateau-roy swore a great french oath, and fell on his knees. " mon ami, i will bring you back that woman, or die. i, chateau- roy, have sworn it." "do you know the doom ? this is the feast of mahna ; the temple of kitzpolchi runs with blood, and the choicest victim is she whose heart, torn from her bosom, is offered still beating to the god!" " de vigne placed two shaking hands on the shoulders of the speaker, and drew him to his feet. "which way are we to go?" he asked between his set teeth. all was said in that question.   chapter iv. the sacred city of the pakano " there is no need for rifles," said petherick. "they would only encumber us. let each man take his revolvers, his sword, and his knife. now bring forward the dice. the box was brought, and we threw in silence. rowland, anstey, and sturm were the unlucky ones. that is to say, that they had to stop in the vessel with the four kanakas. the dusky light of the ship's lamp fell upon our half naked figures as petherick gathered us about him for a few last words. the old seaman (pirate, slaver, what you will) was very pale, and had looked death in the face too often to be afraid to confess his terrors. "look here, boys," he said ; " it's no use to blink the question now. we may none of us ever see this old ship again, and i want to have matters settled fair and square before we start. our friend mr borlase has made our fortunes, and in doing so he has provoked the vengeance of these savages. now what we have to do is to get this lady safe back again for him, or to get killed in doing it." " no, no," said borlase. "i have no right to ask you to brave certain death. i will go alone." "silence, hugh," said allan forbes. " it's a point of honor with us." " we must leave the schooner with rowland in command. he will keep as close to the shore as he dare for the natives, and look out for us. we shall go up the river and make for the city. once there, we've got our work to do. those who get back again will divide the gold. those who don't get back will die like   brave men. now come on, for we've no time to lose." "it is hopeless," said borlase, in the huge war canoe slided out into the darkness. " every step is watched; there are eyes in every bush." " well, we can but go on," said forbes in his beard ! "and we are doing that." we passed under the shelving rock beneath which lay our fatal treasure-house, and swung into the rapids of the sacred umâli. the tide was running in like a mill-race, and, hoisting our huge reed-sail, we flew at racing speed through the whitening water. our hope was to overtake the pirate canoe before she reached the city, and to rescue the unknown woman. we soon saw how vain was such a hope. the stream suddenly widened out, and on turning a bend we beheld in our van a flotilla of proas, each with a lantern swinging at the mast- head, drifting up the river. in the midst was a larger vessel, whose dusk bulk was unillumined. borlase gave vent to a roar of rage. "it is the bâjau fleet!" he laid. "we are lost." instinctively the men strained at the paddles, and the canoe slackened speed. "there is but one chance," said petherick. "we must capture one of these proas." "impossible," said lusignan. "no ; only difficult. keep way on her, and, borlase, be ready with me." the war-canoe crept along in the shadow, just out of reach of the circle of light back thrown by the cocoa lantern, and the two men, placing their revolvers on the seats they quitted, took each his naked sword in his teeth, and lowering themselves into the stream, struck out under water for the last proa. we waited, each instant expecting to hear the crack of a pistol-shot, or a shout of alarm, and to dash forward in the vain endeavor to rescue our comrades. we had underrated the powers of the two men. once we saw two black objects rise for an instant between us and the fleet, and then the sails of the last proa gave a sort of convulsive shudder, as though some careless hand on board of her had thrown her off the wind. at that moment the lanterns began to be extinguished, and a wild chant broke forth from the fleet. it was the barbaric hymn to the moon, which, yet unarisen, cast a pale glow into the air. " keep her moving," said lusig- nan ; "we shall know in a moment." as he spoke, we drew alongside a dark object held stationary by two men. it was the proa. " come in quick," hissed borlase, stretching out a wet, warm hand. "kirzodah, take the canoe back to the ship. i will not risk your life." we stepped on board, and huddled beneath the low bulwarks. our weight sank the vessel to the water's edge. " here!" said petherick, grimly ; "overboard with those ; "twill lighten her." " those" were four corpses ; three stabbed in the throat, and one strangled. the last one was petherick's handiwork. the canoe and the dead bodies floated away into the darkness as we urged the proa into her place in the fleet, and wondered in how many minutes we should be detected, dragged out, and killed. suddenly a great shout went up from the pirate canoes, and the dense mass in front of us seemed to melt away. "is it the sea ?" i asked, as a great white, shining sheet of water spread out in the moon, which at that instant glided up out of the cane- brakes. " no," said borlase. "it is the holy lake of sâma, where stands the city of the pakahos. a movement rapid as that which takes place among soldiers dismissed from drill took place in the fleet. the duty of the night seemed over, and the long light canoes darted hither and thither, each on some indifferent errand. the large dusk vessel, however, which carried salaka and his victim held on its course, and we, crouching behind our huge sail, followed it as closely as we dared. as the moon rose, the wonders of this hidden city spread out to our view. it was a sort of savage venice. the enormous lake, or rather inland sea, was studded with islands, and upon these islands rose huge temples, of pyramidal form, having outer steps winding about them, and terminating in huge altar-peaks, upon which burnt perpetual fire. enormous idols—monsters carved out of the living rock—formed temple-houses, in and around which we could see black robed priests flitting ; and it appeared that even whole rocks, whole islands, were hewn into rude effigies of their hideous god. island upon island—each blazing with its crown of flame—stretched away in endless succession. above ail towered, loftier than saint peter's dome, the mighty pile of the temple of kitzpolchi, and its crest, piercing the night, alone was crownless. "this is the kindling of the new fire," said borlase ; "the feast of mahna. when the constellation of the pleiads reaches the zenith, that flame will be kindled." the proa had neared the island-city, and we were compelled to increase our distance. "if it be as i suspect," continued borlase, " we shall see it turn into yon cavern mouth !— ha—i thought so. the worst has come !" " no," said lusignan, " not yet we can at least kill her—and die with her!" " you are right!" cried petherick, stirred by the agony the man who thus suffered on our account. " forward, then!" and we entered the cavern after the proa. for a few seconds it seemed as though we could not fail to overtake her ; but to our astonishment all our efforts failed to place us alongside. da vigne struck a match. the cavern was empty! "she has escaped us!" cried lusignan. " paddle back ; perhaps we may have overrun her." back we came, and in a few minutes the error explained itself. the cavern was hollowed by the natural action of the sea, and had many branches. on passing a narrow opening in the wall, we heard in the distance voices, and soon a bright light sparkled at the extreme end of the rocky channel. " but, heaven!" said petherick ; "it is half a mile away! this place is a sewer." "it is the secret entrance to the temple of kitzpolchi," said borlase. "we are too late ?" " no," said forbes, who had kept silence all this while, " i have been thinking. they will have here some door which leads to the altar- stairs. this is the place where they bring in the victims. wait. when the boat comes out, we will take her place. face the door." "silence, then," said petherick, "for the boat returns." we drew back into the arm of the cavern, and in a few minutes the proa shot past as, and out into the open bay. another ten seconds saw us alongside a low and narrow stone doorway, which seemed to give into the interior of the temple. for some time we lay still, arranging the plan of attack and then a great and growing murmur outside gave hint that some strange excitement had aroused the city. even in the recess of the live rock we could hear, or seemed to hear, the   dip of paddles, the rush of many keels, and the confuted hum of a multitude of voices. fearful left our presence might have already been dis- covered, and impatient of further delay, pethe- rick beat with his sword hilt upon the wooden door. it opened, and a yellow face, upon which fell the rays of a chimpano lamp, peered out upon us. petherick's iron fist descended upon the head of the aztec priest, and he fell without a groan. another instant we were alone in the interior of the temple of kitzpolchi. forbes was right. winding stain, damp and slimy, led upwards, and sword in hand, knife in teeth, and revolvers loosened in our belts, we dashed up after borlase. the stairs wound round and round, following, as it seemed, the windings of an exterior staircase, built in ever rising lines to the summit of the pyramids. midway a long and narrow slit in the wall gave light and air. glancing through this slit, i saw a sight which, at any other time magnificent, was now absolutely terrific. we were some seven hundred feet above the level of the sacred city, which lay beneath us, mapped out in lines of light. the great southern heaven, in which the moon hung like a yellow shield, o'er-arched an ant hill, each gallery of which, open to the air, swarmed with people and glimmered with radiant points of fire. the eyes of the vast multitude were di- rected to one spot —the summit of the temple ; and stretching away and beyond into the shadow of the forested lake-banks lay the fleet of the bâjau—the myriad proas of the gipsies of the sea. " come, gentlemen, if you have christian hearts!" cried borlase, bounding up the huge stone blocks. "we may be yet too late!" breathless, blind, and mad with the madness for bloodshed which seizes the soul in such rare moments of desperation, we staggered out into the cool night at last—on the broad plateau which was the altar of the tescalli. above us rose, vast, hideous, and overpower- ing, the gigantic idol of stone, and at its base were a group of eight persons—seven long- haired aztec priests, their blood-red robes of sacrifice streaming in the wind, and a bound figure whole white limbs glistened in the moon, bare to the hungry eyes of the multitude below. the elder priest held aloft his knife of itzli, and pointed to the constellation which now trembled at its zenith. a great shout went up; but ere the murderous wretch could plunge the weapon into the bright white bosom which was strained to the moon upon the black altar-stone, the sword of borlase plunged through his back, and he fell groaning. the six fellow-monsters rushed upon us in horrified alarm. one the steel of guy lusignan clove to the neck- nape ; one fell by the hand of petherick, while allan forbes, drawing his revolver, with one hand shot a third, and drove his blade into the yelling throat of his comrade until the hilt jarred upon the shattered jaw. the two others fled by some private path, and for one glorious instant we were matters of the tower. but from the nation gathered below went up a yell like that which might have greeted the second fall of satan—a yell of hate, and blood, and fury. the torches tossed wildly. the fleet swayed and shook. a torrent of pistol and matchlock balls spent themselves in vain against the mid-masonry of the tetcalli. hugh borlase raised the fainting woman in his arms, and bore her furiously to the stairs. her blue eyes uplifted to heaven, her golden hair stream- ing, her naked arms upraised in despair, she was borne past me, and i recognised venetia! " so then," i cried, furious even in that desperate peril, "it was for this you stole my love, and wrecked her life!" "silence !" said allan forbes, savagely. "i loved her also ; let us save her." in vain! from out the door we had quitted poured the guards of the gods, vowed with their lives to protect his honor. with the lady venetia in our midst, we faced the swarming hosts with all the wild-beast courage desperation gives. the plateau, bloody though its memories, saw slaughter enough beneath those dishonored pleiads—dishonored for the first time in three hundred years. black with gunpowder and reeking with blood, we contested inch by inch the narrow foot- hold. five times we drove back their furious charge, and five times did the crowd below up-press them onward. lusignan fell with broken sword still clutched to strike. de vigne slipped in the bowels of his tenth foeman, and an itzli axe clove his gascon curls. voullaire, intoxicated with the wine of slaughter, sang some folly of the cafés, as he parried the thrusts of the spears and fell, spouting blood, in the midst of a chorus. chateau-roy, his pistols empty and his rapier snapped, fought with his knife at close quarters, until a match- lock bullet from the archway pierced his brain. forbes and borlase spoke never a word, but back to back, the woman whom they loved at their feet, they stood erect, ringed round with corpses. all at once, from the inner door, concealed in the carven ornaments of the idol, burst a figure white as ourselves. yellow hair like that of a norseman flowed over his shoulders, and in his clenched hand he held a torch. " i claim this man as mine!" he cried, pointing to hugh borlase. "i purchased his life at tha cost of the white girl yonder." it was salâka, the chief of the bâjau. " stand back, assassin, coward, liar!" roared hugh. " i want no favors from men whom i have snatched from death that they might kill me. cut him down! forbes, you have a bullet left." growling an imprecation, allan levelled his revolver, the cap missed fire, and a matchlock— nameless one in the rear—shot him through the breast. there was left of all our gallant company but hugh and i. " i offer you your life and that of your friend for hers. she must die, i say. the gods have sworn it." hugh, faint with loss of blood, strove to reach the bâjau with his sword, but failed. " damn him!" he cried. " will no one kill him!" suddenly venetia rose erect, and flinging her arms round the neck of her lover, hid her burn- ing face on his bosom for one passionate instant. " you have given up too much for me, hugh, too much. i would not wish to live, having seen what i have seen to-night. forgive me! farewell!" she sprang from his arms, leapt into the huge coping of the tower, and then, like a white flash, disappeared headlong. a horrible shout of joy went up from the city, and then all was silence. salâka seized me by the wrist, and at a signal both hugh and i were borne, bleeding and faint, down the staircase from which he had emerged. it gave upon a landing place on the opposite side of the tower, and a proa lay there. i saw the insensible body of my friend lifted into the craft, and felt that the like office was performed   for myself. then the hideous pageant faded from my sight, and sick with fatigue, nigh to death with wounds, i fainted. * * * * when i awoke, it was a bright morning, and i lay in a curtained proa. in the bows sat salâka. beside him was something covered with a mat. " where is he ?" i asked. the bâjau pointed to the mat. " and my comrades ?" " there." i turned my eyes to the east, and saw up- rising over the sea a column of smoke. it was the funeral pyre of the blackbird and our gold. " and where do you take me ?" "to batavia. this clay was once my friend. ah, what would not your nation do did it but abandon two follies—women and gold!" [finis.]        973		the maitlands   chapter ii.   chapter ii.   edward maitland was a wealthy landed proprietor in one of tlie richest pastoral dis tricts of victoria. he had one son, walter, of whom he was not a little proud, but with whom he was, perhaps, a little severe. mait land pcre was extremely afraid- of his son walter making a mesalliance-possibly, be cause he himself had married his father's cook, land was afraid that such little peculiarties were hereditary. however that may be, walter was perfectly certain, that if he did marry beneath him, his father would straight way cast him off with the proverbial shilling. this was probably the reason why, with that strange perversity that makes the majority of people long for the precise thing that they are warned to shun, mr. walter maitland fell over head and ears in love with the pretty daughter of john morrison, a poor but honest selector in gipps land. walter was a ro mantic youth in those days-he was but twenty years of age-and it afforded him a strange and fearful delight to masquerade in liis shooting excursions under the name of walter brown. under the name of walter brown he married pretty jane morrison, and straightway took a snug little cottage for her in a suburb of melbourne,   there is no use of living under circum stances which savour of the romantic, unless   it is done properly; and, therefore, walter made up his mind that he would keep his wife ignorant of what he considered his exalted origin until he became his own master. in the meantime, he gave out that he was a commercial traveller for a soft goods house in the city. this was a very soft thing, indeed, if it had been analysed; but mrs. brown knew no more about softgoods than mr. brown, and she was, of course, under the impression that, when her husband was away visiting the paternal acres, he was pe rambulating the country in those gorgeous vehicles so much affected by commercial gentlemen.   the only person who knew of the little comedy, besides walter himself, was his cousin, henry maitland.   years rolled on, but mr. walter maitland, much to the surprise of his aristocratic friends, remained a confirmed bachelor. mr. and mrs. walter brown were blessed with one fair daughter, whom the perspicuous reader will immediately recognise as lucy, who so strangely disappeared from the ken of her lover, victor levison.   the auspicious birth of a daughter made   an additional attraction to the romantic dove cote of mr. walter brown alias maitland. but walter continued the even tenor of his   way. he was happy in his cottage as walter brown, and he was happy on his father's station as walter maitland. in either case he was a happy-go-lucky, careless, romantic dog, who hugged his own little mystery to his own heart, and never thought that any harm would come"of it. all in good time he would appear as the prince in the fairy tale, and carry his astonished wife and no less astonished child to his palatial and ancestral home. but when one, with the best intentions in the world, begins telling lies, or living lies, things don't 'pan out,' properly always. ten years after his marriage his father died and he succeeded to the property. now, whether it was that he was ashamed of his wife; or whether, as some have whispered, that he had another wife somewhere else ; or whether, simply that he was too easy going to alter the life which had grown habitual to him we cannot say : but, certain it is, that after the death of his father, and up to the time of his own-accidental death we were go ing to say, but deliberate murder is the phrase required-he continued his dual existence.   walter was always an easy going, honest, careless soul; and we don't believe a word about the rumoured second wife. his faults were numerous enough ; but his principal weakness was a pernicious habit of ' letting things slide,' and shunting off work of any kind and responsiblities of all kinds on to other shoulders. the pair of shoulders which took the most of this work were those of his cousin   henry. henry maitland was a clever man   with a keen, dark eye which, to a close obser ver, had a slightly trea cherous look, and his face, when he was not wearing his society mask, had a hungry av aricious expression. a good physiognomist would have said that he was a miser; a good phrenologist would ehavput him down as a first class murderer ; they would both have been right. henry maitland had a badly balanced head. he had an abnormal develop ment of two organs very useful in their place but dangerous when in excess-acqui sitiveness and destruc tiveness.   . henry maitland was walters only surviving relative. if walter died intestate he would suc ceed to the property. the only thing that stood in the way was the wife and daughter. how to get over this difficulty was the ques   tion.   " watty old boy," said henry with the as sumption of bluff hear tiness and good hum our, which he adopted always when not abso lutely alone-tthis as sumption of good na ured roughness was the   mask under which he found it most conveni ent to do the meanest of his actions-" watty old boy, i want to talk seriously to you."   "oil bother! what is it ?"   " it is a matter which affects the welfare of   yo'ir wife and child."   " of my wife and   child?" said walter nm   ingly. " yes i ought to bring them up here. what does it matter how people will talk. married for the last sev enteen years under an assumed name. after all it will only be a   nine days wonder. yes, you are quite right, henry, i must bring them up at once."   " that is a very good resolution, bravo!" cried henry in his most honest and effusive style: i am glad to hear you talk like that, but that is not what i was thinking about, dear boy."   " of what then?"   " have you made your will, walter ?"   " no."   " careless fellow."   " why i don't look like dying, do i ?"   " no, but we are all mortal, and if you were to die without making your will, see what possibilities of trouble might arise. you ought to think of your wife and daugh   ter."   " you are a good fellow harry," said walter impulsively, "let me do it at once; you're scribe enough for that i'm sure."   " of course i can do it," replied harry slowly, " but had you not better get it done by a lawyer ?"   " oh, hang lawyers i they only confuse things. three lines will do it. i'll leave all my property to lucy, subject to the payment j of £1000 a year to my wife, and a thousand a   year to you old boy, and the thing is done."   " well, yes, of course, that's simple enough, and if you wish me to do it, i'll draw up a   will to-morrow."   " do, there's a good fellow, and then the thing will be off my mind."   next day henry stayed at home, and wal ter rode into the township upon some business. henry was very busy all day writing out the will, in the most elaborate legal style, with the help of some legal handbooks.   j after writing out one will, he wrote out   i another.   in the first will he had disposed of the | property as walter maitland instructed him. i in the second will, he transposed the names | in such a way, as to leave the bulk of the ! property to " my cousin, henry maitland," ! and one thousand a year to miss jane mor , rison, commonly known as mrs. walter   i brown.   i the two pieces of foolscap were exactly the ! same in appearance to start with. henry maitland, to still further increase the decep i tion, made a series of elaborate, but appa ' rently accidental, blotches upon the first will; j and then, with a most commendable patience, ' proceeded to make fac simile blotches upon i the second will. the two wills were in ap   pearance, identical. after he had finished his task, henry went to the gun rack, took out walter's breech-loader, and took it down to the blacksmith's shop. there was nobody about, as henry had sent the blacksmith to hang a gate, at the extreme end of the run. j with some curious tools, he worked away in | dustriously, at the inside of the left hand ! barrel, until he was apparently satisfied.   when he had finished, there was a perceptible   crack, or groove, in the barrel, about six in- i ches from the breech. this crack he filled   up with grease, until it was no longer to be ! seen, when looking through the barrel, and | having finished his work to his entire satis- | faction, he returned to the house, and replaced the gun in the rack. when walter returned in the evening, he read the will first written, with many groans at its length.   " that is about what you want, isn't it ?" asked henry cheerfully. " oh yes!" said walter, throwing it on the table with a sigh of relief. " i suppose you had better get in a couple of the men to witness it."   henry picked up the will, and walking carelessly over to the fire-place, rang the bell. it did not require much sleight-of-hand to conceal the will walter had just read, and return to his seat with the fac simile in his hand in place of the original. the house maid now appeared in response to the ring, and she was instructed to send thompson, the overseer, and blake, the boundary rider, in. the fraudulent will was lying on the table. in five minutes it was duly signed, sealed, and delivered, and in five minutes more it was securely locked up in mr. walter maitland's private safe. >   then mr. henry maitland planned a shoot ing excursion for the following morning.   the most expensive guns are not absolutely safe ; and when mr w alter maitland's dead body was brought into the house, henry   maitland said he would never have confidence in one of those new-fangled breech-loaders again.       chapter iii   chapter iii.   victor levison's curiosity had been roused by the remark of detective smith as to the good-looking girl in the next carriage; and, therefore, when lie found himself sitting op posite to the fair unknown, in a stuffy little cab, his first impulse was to try and get a   look at her face. but in this he was com   pletely baulked, for the young lady persistently kept her face muffled up in a thick veil. " she has got a pretty foot at all events," said victor to himself," and a beautiful figure. the pose of her head is simply superb, and what lovely hair; the very colour of lucy's."   all at once the thought rushed into victor's mind-the conviction almost-that it was   indeed lucy. his heart felt strangely op pressed; his breath came in short quick gasps; his face flushed, and his fingers seemed to burn and tremble with an eager longing to touch the hand, the dress, the hair of the sweet girl who seemed to efface herself in the farthest corner of the cab as if to keep as far away from him as possible.   lucy, on her part, knew victor; and all   iienry maitlan'i) roue on in front, with an angelic smile on his face, and murder in his heart.   her passionate love for him which, in the dear i old days when there was no barrier between j them, had been fed on honied words and kept alive by tender caresses-whose banished joys it was now an agony to remember-made her bosom swell and her heart throb painfully while she could hardly control the impulse to throw herself into her lover's arms, and sob out her agony on his bosom. her blood ran cold the next moment, and her highly wrought feelings found relief in a sigh which, but for her fear of betraying herself, would have been   a moan.   victor felt as if he was standing on a preci pice and was seized with a mad desire to fling himself over. three or four times he opened his lips to speak and as often the unspoken thought died upon his lips. his heart beat furiously. if it was lucy, and he allowed her to escape without speaking to her and en deavouring to clear up the mystery of her dis appearance, he would curse his prudery as long as he lived. but, if the young lady was a stranger, upon what possible pretext could he address her at all. and then it could not possibly be lucy, or she would have spoken. yet, in spite of all his arguments against the possibility of its being the girl he loved, he felt surrounded and steeped in an atmosphere charged with emotions such as he only felt when in the presence of one woman.   the situation was becoming painfully tense. the atmosphere of that cab was charged with love's electricity, and it is diffi cult to say what would have happened if a lightning conductor, in the shape of henry maitland had not entered the vehicle at that   moment. henry maitland was on his way ! to melbourne, and had purchased his ticket i when he chanced to look into the lady's oar- | riage. he saw lucy, and his guilty con- j science, ever on the watch for possible dis- i covery of his crimes, made him suspect that lucy's appearance in the district boded no good for him.   after he had accomplished his purpose so cleverly of murdering his cousin walter by manipulating his breech-loader so artistically,   he had interviewed mrs. walter brown, ; lucy's mother. he explained to her the j exact position of affairs as a candid friend. | his explanation was charming in its sim- : plicity, and could not possibly have deceived j anyone but the simple-minded woman whom i he took the trouble to deceive. according to ! him walter maitland had married jane ; morrison under an assumed name. walter : brown, in fact, had married jane morrison. ; walter maitland had died, and walter mait   land being also walter brown, it followed ; that walter brown had died. but nobody ' knew walter maitland as walter brown ex- : cept he himself, henry maitland; and he was   not only not going to identify walter mait- j laud as walter brown, but he would abso- _   lutely swear that no such identity existed. if she persisted in claiming walter maitland as   her husband he would denounce her as an   impostor, and swear that she, mrs. brawn, was walter maitland's mistress; that he knew walter brown well enough, and that he had simply disappeared in order to lend a   colour to her claim. he went so far as to   say that she was not really married from the fact of her having married maitland under   the name of brown. that walter himself was aware of this, and as damning evidence of that he produced the will, in which he had left to miss jane morrison, commonly known as mrs. walter brown, £1000 per annum. all this was like a hideous dream to lucy's mother ; and she was so overwhelmed with the apparent completeness of the thing, that she was perfectly helpless and utterly in capable of seeing her way out of the difficulty. the one hideous appalling fact that stood out boldly in all the entangled surroundings, and struck coldly to her heart and turned her head dizzy, was that she was not married to the father of the child, and that her child was a bastard.   she dared not tell lucy, but in her feverish mutterings when the terrible blow laid her upon a bed of sickness, her daughter gathered so much that she was compelled to tell her all-and believing herself that she had been deceived, the sad story was imparted in such a way that lucy was compelled, in spite of herself, to think the same. it was a crushing blow to the poor girl. she was so proud of her father, so fond of her mother. and to think that all this time her father had lived a lie ! but when she thought of her love-of victor-it almost drove her mad. there was but one thing to be done. they, must dis appear from the scene and blot out the past; they could live where their story was un known. parting with victor was the severest trial, but she could not endure the thought of linking her sullied name to that of the man she loved too well to drag down to her level. thus she wrote her parting letter to victor, and this is why she dreaded his discovering her. lucy and her mother had a hard struggle. she was now on her way to bar gooma as governess to mrs. campbell, who knew the whole of her sad story.   henry maitland, being a high-class villain, knew that the fiction he had so industriously elaborated, would not stand investigation. as long as lucy and her mother were alive there was danger.   lucy was even more dangerous than her mother; and, therefore, when he saw her in the railway carriage, and saw her afterwards   take her seat in the cab which was to take her to the coach office, he changed his mind about going to melbourne, and determined to find out her destination.   with this object he also got into the cab ;   and if the reader wishes to know how long it ! takes to go through all the different emotions j and life experiences which we have attempted to describe, and trace to their sources from the beginning of the chapter up to this point, the cabman, if he were at the same time ob servant and truthful, would probably inform him that the time was three minutes. the entrance of henry maitland into the cab was a relief to victor and lucy. not that he was a desirable companion, but the emotional currents were diverted, and both lucy and victor breathed more freely for his presence, although lucy knew him and loathed him, while victor didn't know him, and didn't want to know him.   the cab drove up to the coach office; and as soon as the luggage was arranged, and the   mails put on the rack, and in the boot, and j under the seats, and wherever they could find a place to stow them, the coach started out of the thriving township of telora with the usual plunge of the near wheeler, without which, it is apparently impossible for cobb & co. to get away. he was a cranky brute that near side wheeler, and jack m'lean, the driver, told victor-who was sitting alongside him-in a confidential whisper, that the ani mal was a " blooming fraud." there was another gentlemen on the box seat, and lucy was inside, where, also, henry maitland had elected to go.   although the weather for the last few days had been fine on the coast and a short dis tance inland, the country about telora gave evidence of heavy rainfall. there had been steady rain for three or four days higher up the country also ; and all the creeks were running bank high.   the road crossed the valley of the telora j creek, about ten miles out of the township, j the creek had overflown its banks, and when the coach arriyed at the edge of the water, it was evident that it would take very careful piloting to get through with safety. the cur rent was not rapid, and the water was not more than four feet deep on the average; but   these floods, which look so innocent, liave a j nasty habit of working deep holes in the blue j clay, which forms the bed of the valley, and ! if the coach, by accident, got into one of these holes, it would be a serious matter. all this   was known to henry maitland, who was also j perfectly acquainted with the track across. a ! diabolical idea suddenly entered his head. if ! he could entice the driver of the coach into .   one of these huge holes, the inside passengers ! of the coach would be certainly drowned, j lucy once out of the way, he would be   safe.   the coacli stopped at the edge of the '   water,   " can any gentleman drive the coach after j me through this swamp, if i get a horse and ; pilot, tlje way," asked the driver, ;   " i'll drive," said victor, who was rather a , good four-in-hand whip.   " if you would allow me to make a sugges tion," said mr. maitland," i think we can get over the difficulty. doubtless this gentle man," referring to victor, "is a proficient driver, but i think jack had better stick to the ribbons. i will ride on, and act as pilot."   "all right, old son," said jack, "you're a trump; here comes bobby with a horse; fire ahead!" and the coach went down steadily into the yellow turbulent water, while henry maitland rode on in front, with an angelic smile upon his face, and murder in his heart.       chapter iv   chapter iv.   it was an exciting time. the turbid breadth of flood water, which looked so innocent and picturesque at a distance, took a new mean ing when it surged up against the wheels of the coach, and swirled angrily away on the other side, as if it felt defrauded of its lawful prey. the near-side wheeler was restless and uneasy. every now and again he plunged his nose down into the turbid waters, and then flung it up with a jerk, as if he had seen a snake, snorting and plunging all the time evidently in the most abject terror. about thirty yards ahead of the coach, henry maitland piloted the way. the coach was now about half-way across.   " hi! boss, ain't you going too much to the left ?" yelled the driver.   " it's all right, you follow my track," called   back maitland over his shoulder.   " his track seems to me darned peculiar," muttered jack under his breath, as he took a fresh hold of the near wheeler's rein.   the track was peculiar. maitland seemed to be picking his way, going a little to the right and then to the left. the water left no trace of his passage, and the driver, in spite of himself, always kept following him in a bee   line.   they were within about two hundred yards of the landing place, when suddenly the near wheeler lost his footing. he was out of his depth. the leaders had swerved to one side and had escaped the hole. instantly the driver jammed down the break, and stopped the coach, which, of course, had only been going at a walking pace. fortunately, the leaders were tractable, and stood still. the off-side wheeler instinctively recognised his danger, and planting his feet firmly, held up against his struggling companion. the mo ment was one of imminent danger. the frantic horse plunged and reared, now feeling the bottom with his hind feet, and now plunging head foremost into the boiling water. his struggles were becoming weaker. in two minutes he would be drowned, but before that he would probably startle the other horses, and drag the coach into the abyss.   jack m'lean dared not leave the reins, j victor, in the meantime, had got over the | dash board and, at the risk of his life, was walking out on the pole to endeavor to loose the horse by unbuckling the reins and pole strap, and unhooking the traces. the first step, however, along the pole, showed him that the thing was impossible. in an instant he was back again, and plunging off the seat, he swam up to the struggling animal, and be gan operations by trying to let go the traces. but they were so tightly drawn and tense, that his efforts were hopeless. then he be thought him of his knife. with a few rapid strokes the traces, pole-straps, and reins were cut, and the half-drowned animal was free, and presently staggered up the bank, more dead than alive.   victor now turned his attention to the lady in the coach. looking out of the window was the frightened visage of a travelling preacher, who, coming thus far to preach the gospel to the heathen, was now more anxious for the safety of his own body from water than the souls of other people from fire. behind the parson who, to do him justice, had tried to keep up his own courage and comfort his fellow passenger, stood lucy, who had watched victor throughout the exciting scene, her face white and her hands unconsciously clasped in the attitude of sup plication. ..   wading to the door, victor opened it and said, simply :   " are you much frightened my darling ?"   "i was not thinking of myself, victor;   only of you. it seemed so terrible strug- :   gling in the water with that half-maddened j   horse." !   they stood for a moment with tightly- j   clasped hands. .it was a moment of bliss. all i the past was forgotten. then lucy .gently   withdrew her hands and shivered slighty, as i   the barrier between victor and herself once j   more rose before her. j   " come, niy darling, i will carry you to i the bank," said;her lover. he took her in his | strong arms; and victor was repaid for all j the past twelvemonths of hope deferred as he : felt her fluttering heart beat against his own. ! "you will never leave me more," he whis- ; pered.   " oh, victor! you don't know, you don't know ..."   " and i don't want to know. all i know   is that i love you; and you told me once that ; you loved me; and we are going to be married j in spite of creation; and we'll be married at 1 bargooma, for i won't trust you out of my : sight any more; and we'll go away to tas mania for our honeymoon, and be back in   time to spend the christmas holidays with : my old friend campbell, to whose house we are both going now if i am not mistaken."   this was all said with so much decision, .   and in such a matter-of-course tone, that lucy could only cry silently, while a great joy filled her soul, and she unconsciously nestled closer to the big heart of the man who was carrying her in his arms like a   child.   the lovers were so absorbed in their own affairs that they did not notice the presence of a well-appointed drag which just then drove up, drawn by four spanking bays, held well in hand by a cheerful-looking young gentleman of about fifty summers, whose white hairs seemed absurdly out of place when taken in connection with his sparkling eyes and jovial, boyish-looking face.   " bravo victor! well done my boy!" then he added, in a serio-comic tone, " bless you both, my children."   " hallo campbell i is that you ?"   " all that is left of me. and this young lady is miss brown, i know from her photo graph. jump up both of you; and if that villain firestick will stop plunging for half a second, i'll shake hands with you in the in terval. now, my boy, you look uncommonly like a drowned rat-excuse my " flattering simile- so we'll drive over to simpsons for a change of clothes, and then we'll make bar gooma at the rate of fifteen miles an hour*"   " but what about the luggage?"   " oh! that'll be all right. i'll leave word of the accident as we pass the company's btables, and they will send assistance."   when they arrived at bargooma they were cordially welcomed by mrs. campbell, who kissed lucy as if she were an old friend, and insisted upon her going straight to bed after   tea.   the next few days passed pleasantly for lucy in a life which was entirely new to her. victor learned from mrs. campbell the secret which, in lucy's estimation, raised such a barrier between himself and her. the know ledge only helped to endear herto him the more. he pleaded so earnestly that at length she consented to become his wife. in the mean   time he determined to probe the mystery to   the bottom. he communicated with detec tive smith, who immediately made an exami nation of the books of the registrar, and found the marriage duly recorded of walter brown and jane morrisson. the difficulty, of course, was to identify walter maitland with walter brown. there would have been   of course, no difficulty immediately after the death of walter, for those who knew him under either name could have identified the   body as belonging to the man they knew under either designation and the mystery would have been solved.   but now that he had been dead for over a   year, such a solution was impossible.   detective smith who had come up to bar gooma was at his wits end. victor was striving after impossible combinations of the   most intricate theories,, .when the whole thing ?was put into a nutshell by a very innocent re mark by mrs. camp   bell.   " have you a photo graph of your lather, my dear?1' sh.6 said, to   lucy produced a pho tograph of her late father, walter brown. mrs. campbell had in her album a photo graph of walter mait land. they were not from the same negative, nor by the same artibt; but there was no mis taking the identity of the original. the photo graph of walter brown end that of walter maitland were both taken from the same individual. " the ap   paratus can't lie" and the ipse dixit of the sun is indisputable inde pendently of the general likeness which strikes the eye, there is the reproduction of every line and scar and mark and microscopically minute fissure with ab solute exactness. ^ not two faces in a million are the same in one line. but, since the creation of the world, if all the faces that ever saw the light were compared, on two faces would be found that had all the lines the same. the photograph and the   microscope together are i infallible. the mystery , was a mystery no ion-1   ger. . , ,   after the ladies had ; retired, the three gentle men continued the dis   cussion.   "what is your opinion of the mat ter, smith?" said vic   tor.   "what sort of a man .was walter maitland?" said the detective, ad dressing mr. campbell.   "a thoroughly hon ourable man; but one   of the most careless easy going fellows that ever i met, and completely dominated by the superior in tellect of his cousin henry."   "then," said the detective, in a thoughtful tone, " he never signed that will with the knowledge of its tenour. it is my opinion that walter mait land has been duped; and his death, on the follow ing day, makes me think that lie was also murdered."   " by whom ? " asked mr. campbell, eagerly.   " by the man who benefitted most by his death."       chapter v   chapter v.   henry maitland's property adjoined bargooma. the two homesteads were about five miles apart. maitland was not much of a sportsman himself he was too keen and too eager in his pursuits of wealth to indulge in such frivolities; but, with his usual cunning, lie pretended an enthusiasm which he did not feel for sport, in order to keep up his assumed character of bluff carelessness and good nature. on his property, however, were many places famous as the favourite haunts of snipe. the first shooting of the season was generally to lie obtained along the duck-liaunted creeks, and round the edges of the rich swamps of yambaar,   which was the name of his station.   since the death of walter maitland there were   strange whispers as to the peculiar life led by the present proprietor, henry maitland. although, when he mixed with the neighbours, or when his business took him into the nearest township, there was no apparent difference in the man, it was rumoured that he shut himself up periodically, and had prolonged bouts of solitary drinking.   one day, about a fortnight after the arrival of victor and lncy at bargooma, henry maitland rode over, to invito mr. campbell and his friends to a days snipe-shooting.   lucy had no suspicion that he was her father's murderer; but she knew the part lie had acted after her father's death, and she shuddered as lie insisted upon shaking hands with her, after the formal ceremony of introduction.   victor levison and detective smith had their own reasons for appearing 011 friendly terms with the man whose crimes they were endeavouring to trace. they did not wish to arouse his suspicions, and therefore they accepted his invitation with ap parent pleasure. " you will bring the ladies too, campbell," said maitland, in parting, "we will make a regular pic-nic of it. it is not often that i have the pleasure of acting as host to fair ladies." thus saying he doffed his hat with the grace of a cavalier, and cantered off, the beau ideal of a good-natured, jovial, country gentleman.   " what a consummate hypocrite the man must be," said victor. " but he deceives nolmdv," quietly remarked the host, " lie cannot constantly wear the mask, and every now and then the veil is lifted, by some slight expression, a look, n word, the turn of a sentence, which reveals the hidden thought; he is most disliked by those who   know him best."   "well, i suppose we will go over to yambaar   to-morrow ? "   "i think so; we may possibly hear something, and, in any case, you can have some good sport, while the ladies will enjoy the drive."   next morning the four-in-liand drove up to the door, and soon the party were seated in the drag. it was a glorious october morning. a slight shower the previous night made the air appear   mor! iinlmy than usual, with the scent of light wood and wattle blossoms. as they drove down the long avenue, the heavy odour, wafted from tho well-kept garden, proclaimed the presence of the sweet-scented boronia, overpowering its more deli cate neighbour, the daphne.   as far as the eye could reach, a rich mantle of emerald green spread out in gentle undulations, while grouped about in pleasing irregularity, tho graceful lightw.iod added a charm of its own to the landscape. at varying distances, and in every direction, the gleam of water caught the eye, as little lakes of fantastic shapes, some of which were of great depth, and others merely shallow depressions, received tho rays of the rising sun, and reflected them to the eye of the observer. the leaves of the tall white gums, sparkled liko diamond- studded trees of fairyland, as the slight breeze made the leaves quiver, and the adherent rain-drops also caught the white sun-rays, and re flected them back in tho many-coloured hues of the rainbow. the air was vibrating with the various sounds, and heavy with tho exquisite odours of a spring morning in the australian bush. the musical note of the magpie reverlter ated from every tree, and the daring songster only stopped his sweet note occasionally, while ho made a savage dart at anyone who dared to come near the nest where his mate was attending to her young brood. at a safe distance, groups of solemn-looking native companionn could be seen, engaged in picking up the early worm, while every now and again they would sound a note of alarm, and then set to partners and cliasse, to teach each other, like amiable lunatics, dancing, on attenu   ated stilts.   in the meantime the bays were going along in fine style, and their regular patter patter on the turf made a joyous music, which chimed in with ill the surroundings of a glorious morning, and sent the life-blood of old and young bounding through the veins like quicksilver. henry mait land met them at the door of his house, but the party did not enter. the happy hunting grounds were further on, so they immediately made a start for the warrarakk swamp.   there was a tent already pitched, and the ladies were left to sketch and amuso themselves, while the sportsmen proceeded to tho spot whore the snipe were seen.   it looked a very likely spot indeed. a rich, black swamp with plenty of cover. here and there were clumps of acacia, while round tho edge of the swamp, giant red-gums spoke of continuous moisture. presently, maitland's dog-a good   enough-looking pointer, but badly broken-' blundered ahead, and startled a couple of brace of snipe, which rose with a whirr out of range, and made straight for the other end of the swamp.   maitland called in lii3 dog with a curse; and he put his gun suddenly to his shoulder, as if to shoot the animal, but thought better of it, and i contented himself with throwing a stone at him.   presently, the snipe began to rise in ones and twos, and the guns were banging away merrily. victor was a good shot, and made some brilliant execution with his right and left barrel; but, for steady and unerring precision, he had to yield to campbell, who never missed with his right, and rarely with his left. maitland shot fairly, in his turn beating detective smith, whose shooting evidently indicated want of practice. the snipe were now rising thick and fast, and there was an almost continuous fusillade, which at length ceased, as the birds that remained took flight for another swamp about two miles distant.   before returning to the ladies, the sportsmen sat down to indulge in a smoke and to count tho game in their bags. there was the usual sporting talk, largely egotistical, and wonderfully imagi native as to remarkable shots, which appears to do a necessity on these occasions; but with this we will not trouble the reader. henry maitland seemed in no very amiable mood. tho conversa tion had turned into a channel which did not   please him. it hinged upon the wonderful wayin which murder is brought to light. detective smith was [full of pleasing anecdotes as to the fortuitous way in which evidence is sometimes forthcoming. he instanced a case where a nephew had murdered his uncle because the old man was too long in dying. the tincle had ap parently been killed by falling down a well. the nephew was his heir, and assumed such a natural appearance of chastened grief, that no suspicion of foul play arose, and the old man was buriedbut the nephew seemed haunted with some kind of horrid fascination in talking about tho death of his uncle-and in combatting an idea which no body but himself had entertained, that his death was other than accidental. then the nephew be gan to drink, and strange expressions fell from hib fips while half maudlin. public suspicion was aroused, the whole of the surroundings of the   affair wero minutely examined. faint links of' evidence were accumulated, all pointing in the.one direction; at length the body was disinterred.   clutched in the hands of tho dead man wero dis covered a few hairs, which a microscopic exami nation proved to belong to tho nepliow. this   was the last link in the chain.   " bah!" broke in maitland with a curse; " this is the old goody-goody story of the nursery, under a new form. of course the nephew committed suicide, and then lived long enough to confess. i know all about it."   " no, my dear sir," contined smith, quietly, " he did not commit suicido and confess. ho,was found guilty and hanged."   mailtand rose with a muttered imprecation, and strode towards his gun, which had left leaning against a tree. in his way he came within reach of his unfortunate dof£, and he vented his wrath upon the animal by giving it a vicious kick. tho poor brute, with a yelp of agony, rushed away; and, in his flight, knocked over his master's gun, which, exploding as it fell, the charge struck maitland in the head, and he fell to tho ground apparently a lifeless corpse.       chapter vi   chapter vi.   for days henry maitland lay in a semi-con scious state. the charge had struck him in the temple and literally blown a piece of the skull away, exposing the brain. the gun, when it ex ploded, was within a few feet of him, and thus the charge had not time to scatter. it was noted by the servants, and commented upon by them in awe struck whispers, that the wound was in the same spot exactly as that which killed walter maitland,   when, at length, he came to a state of conscious ness, it was evident that his recovery was hopeless.   but the feelings of the wretched man were strangely, mixed with shame and remorse, when lie found that the constant and watclitul attend ants who ministered to him in his helplessness and agony, were lucy and her mother. through all his delirium, visions of an angel face and soft pitying eyes had floated through his brain, mixed with some horrible phantasmagoria of his past evil life. the one, the bright vision, was the reality sf lucy; the other horrid spectres were the past impressions of his evil deeds which had left their indelible imprint upon his soul, and which were revivified by the approach of death.   but in all his delirium he had never dropped a hint of the terrible tragedy sufficiently clear to en lighten lucy or her mother. he babbled of burst ing guns in a language that, to them, was incom prehensible. but when victor levison and detec tive smith heard him, there was a flood of light thrown upon the dark past. if henry maitland had lived he would have been in danger of the gal lows; but he did not live, and, before he died, confessed liis crimes-not to lucy, he could not do that-but to liis neighbour campbell, who took his dying depositions. isefore his death ho wanted to make a will, leaving the whole of the property to lucy and her mother; but this was con sidered unnecessary, as the identification of walter brown with walter maitland had established the status of wife and daughter, and the property of the late walter maitland of right belonged to them.   victor levison and lucy maitland were married   in novemlier.   there were great rejoicings at bargooma; and the woolshed was turned into a ball-room, where all the shearers, and boundary-riders, and smart young men fpr twenty miles around brought their girls and danced till daylight. and then the smart young men put their pretty girl partners on horseback, or into buggies, or waggonettes, or whatever mode of conveyance they preferred, and took them home through the cool november morning, before the hot sun had time to dry up the sparkling dew-drops from the grass which waved so cool and green all around them. the bride and bridegroom departed for tasmania; but they came back in time to eat their christmas dinner at yambaar, where the old lady had taken up her abode. of course, the campbells were there, and lots of other friends; and, although it was too hot for dancing, they had lawn tennis and croquet in the evening. and it was not too hot to sit in the verandah and talk; and listen to lucy and other happy girls singing, in the intervals of playing cards, or other indoor games.   ten years have rolled away since the events wo have related took place; but every year, after the shearing is finished, the woolshed at yambaar is cleared for a dance. the few remaining wool bales that have not gone to town serve as sup ports for long tables, where a gorgeous supper is set out; the rafters arc hung with festoons of flowers and blossoms, and a band of music from the nearest township sets a hundred couples in motion to its inspiring strains. the dancing is vigorous, and in good time, for the employes of yambaar and surrounding stations are all devotees of terpsichore. mr. and mrs. levison are there for the first half-hour or so, and with them are a couple of sturdy boys, who look 011 with wonder and admiration, at the gorgeous vision of jane and mary-ann, the housemaids; and rose, the cook; and euphemia, the nurse; flying round in the arms of their respective lovers, to the intoxi cating strains of the " blue danube,"        6981		larrikin jack: a story of a woman's devotion   chapter i a bolt from the blue.   a story of woman's devotion.   by garnet walch.   chapter i.   a bolt from the blue.   fear, sir, that the lad is incorrigible. his career _ at the high school has been one   longseries of escapades and challenges to the constituted authorities. the ringleader in all mischief, he has fre- quently avowed him- self the jons et origo mali when others were   accused, and has - seemed to take pride in the fact that many of the elder boys looked upon him as a sort of gipsy chieftain. the record of his studies is shameful-perfectly shameful. not a single first prize in the whole   eight years. and the worst of it is that, when reproached with this fact, he endeavours to gloss it over by pointing to the trophies he has won in various out-door sports, as if cricket were equiva- lent to arithmetic, or football on a par with history. as for latin, i doubt, sir, if he can decline mensa, and greek he resolutely refuses to commence,   giving as his reason that he preferred french, in which language i must say he is somewhat proficient. but his natural inclinations are bad-all bad. only last week a copy of a vile stage play, entitled 'box and cox/ was found under his pillow; and a search in his school-box led to the discovery of a false beard and a tweed suit of quite an immoral pattern. they   were confiscated, of course, and i punished him by ordering him to commit the one hundred and nine- teenth psalm to memory-a command which, i regret to say, he has not yet obeyed. indeed, he is getting somewhat beyond my control. however, i have obtained for him a situation as junior clerk in the warehouse of messrs. phineas, moss, and com- pany, with whom we have large dealings in slops, and mr. samuels, the manager of that firm, has promised me to look closely after him." and here the speaker, mr. josiah baycroft, the well-known avholesale and retail draper, of hobart, branched off into a discussion with his crony, mr. parkins, the ironmonger, as to the identity of the english nation with the lost tribes of israel ; a subject then engross- ing a good deal of attention in the chapel of which they were both members.   the subject of the foregoing uncomplimentary remarks-a tall, strongly-built young fellow of eighteen, with clear blue eyes, crisp curly brown hair, and regular features, a good deal tanned by exposure to wind and weather-was quite out of earshot. not that it would have mattered if he had heard ; he was too much accustomed to his uncle and guardian's reproaches for that. at present he was absorbed in a game of " rounders," to which additional charm was lent by the participation of a bevy, of laughing girls, every one of them, like himself, a born tasmanian, and excellent samples of the race that has succeeded truganini and her dark   skinned braves.   the occasion was the annual picnic of the sunday school teachers of nelson street chapel, hobart ;   the day, christmas day ; and the scene, the borders of the beautiful derwent. the velvety-turfed mammiform hill, on whose summit the rounder players were busy, sloped gently away on either side to curving bays, the larger of which, and the one most affected by the picnickers, is known as carnelian bay, from the number of those bits of   white or flesh-coloured chalcedony found on its shores. southward the view from the hill top showed the further horn of the bay, the gardens, and tower of government house, and beyond that the three mile width of the derwent, stretching away in broadening expanse to the sea. westward and northward towered mount wellington and his giant brothers, their outlines softened and etherialized by a delicate bloom of air ; while to the east the eye followed the dancing wavelets of the river to its opposite bank, the blue waters in mid-channel revealing an occasional breeze, suggesting feather of foam in the bright sunlight, but all within the shelter of the bay itself lying in unruffled calm. a picture, with its, spots of vivid colour in the gay summer dresses of the girls, and the flags flying here and there among the trees, fit for the pencils of a watteau and a welby conjoined.   and how those sunday-school teachers, maleland female, enjoyed themselves ! you, effete worldling, who.sicken at the mere thought of what society calls pleasure, with its monotonous merry-go-round on impossible hobby horses-you, to whom even champagne has lost its sparkle-would have felt a draught of the true wine of life could you have looked on awhile. for,-tell it not in gath- the average sunday-school teacher of from | fifteen to twenty is just as full of fun and frolic as you were at the same age, although you, oh ! sir, or madam, as the case may be, were brought up in a tractless, textless, hymnless atmosphere, with only (your own selfish self to think about and worship. ^-jhuman nature is human nature all the world over/whether   it gets its pap "with a hatchet," or diets on ultra scientific baby-food prepared by the. liebigs of the nursery, and the hearts of youths and maidens fair will beat as yearningly, their eyes flash as responsively,   over a prayer book as a ball programme. and then,, in the present instance, although it was essentially the sunday-school teachers' picnic, there"were many   there who had never taught, and never would or could teach, in a sunday- school. amongst these latter was our recalcitrant hero jack, or-to give him his full name-john curtis, sole surviving represen- tative of a once well-to- do tasmanian family, whose father and mother, dying when he was yet a boy, had left him to the care of his maternal uncle, honest, though prejudiced, josiah baycroft, with a sufficiency for his education, a small annual allowance there- after, and a reversion to a considerable sum on the death of his guardian.   there, then, was jack on the threshold of life, playing rounders with fair saints in muslin, who to-morrow would be, most of them, engaged in looking after their scholars at the great boxing day gathering, but now were untrammelled by the presence of these charges, or the immediate super- vision of their elders grouped yonder, some chatting quietly in- the shade, and others setting out the   picnic dinner near the beach.   and so the merry games went on, with talk and laughter, loud cries of approval and encouragement addressed to the   players, the swift flut- ter of dainty skirts from point to point, and the panting rest that followed, while the warm december   sun poured its rays on the happy throng, and the brisk north breeze flaunted the girls' ribbons and the festival flags in spor- tive emulation.   the sound of the   dinner-gong, impro- vised for the occasion out of a tea-tray, call- ed the faithful from labor to refreshment, and after due solem-   nity bf grace by the shepherd of the flock, behold a repast that   would have done credit to the london mansion house. such turkeys ! deli- cately browned and boneless, whose plump breasts on yielding, almost lov- ingly, to the keen knife of the carver, revealed sublying treasure in the shape of toothsome tongue !   such ducks ! such   geese ! such fowls ! such j oints of mingled   fat and lean ! such   cunning pies and   tarts ! such custards and such cream ! not to overlook swar- thy bottles that were opened with a pro miseful pop, and yield-   ed floods of the   amber creamy-tipped liquid, beloved of all true britons. nay, there were wines as well, and these many, of excellent vintage,   tor there is no better practical critic of the good things of this world than your prosperous chapel deacon, who, having made matters smooth for his soul, has leisure and license to put his body on the same footing. let your lean sinners who have to wrestle with their consciences keep fast on bread and pulse ; but the saint whose calling and election are sure can well afford to live upon the fat of the land! and here back-sliding jack scored at least one point in his favour. he made himself so handy as a waiter upon old and young alike, so deft in service with dish and .platter, bottle and glass, that even uncle josiah relaxed as he held out his tumbler for the fourth time, and saw the " beaded bubbles winking at the brim " without a tithe of an inch to spare. " good measure, my boy, always give good measure," was his way of expressing satisfaction, and carrying a lesson in commercial morality at one and   ,ihe same time.   after the dinner came toasts-good honest christmas toasts, for most of those present were connected, either by intermarriage, as well as by the ties of religion and trade (ought i to have put trade   first ? i know not. let it go !). and this was at least a better way of enjoying a family gathering than round the formal cedar that has taken the place of the mahogany of old. and after the toasts, what next ? for the middle-aged, a little rest and meditation, not unconnected with digestion ; but with the juniors the cry was still exercise, exercise. and so it came about that when jack suggested {; a row and a fish," four little maidens, fresh from school, whose united ages would not sum up the span of life, eagerly assented, and the big brother of one that is, big as regards size, though full an inch short of jack's stature-gave in his adhesion to the scheme. down to the beach at racing speed, half a minute to push off the skiff that lay drawn up beside its fellow freight-carriers of the morning, and away they shot out into the still waters of the bay, jack and his friend, phil bolton, each at an oar, and the four girls laughing and chatting in the stern. they   didn't wait to ship the rudder, nor, as they found when they reached the fishing ground near the centre of the bay, was there such a thing as an anchor, or, failing that, even a rude stone " kellick" on board, but the wind within the bay was light, and the tide on the turn and hardly perceptible, so with an occasional touch of an oar they managed to keep their bearings. both young bolton and jack were, like most hobart lads, sailors to the backbone, and as for the girls, bless 'em, they were as much at home in a boat as in a drawing-room. so the lines were got out of the locker, and then, of course-no bait ! what should they do ? pull back to the beach and confess their thoughtlessness to their friends on shore ? not at all. voted unanimously that they should stay where they were, sing songs, ask riddles, and play such games as, under the circumstances, were possible.   ladies first. kitty harley-pretty kitty harley opened the concert with " thy face," during which she looked a good deal at phil, and phil looked a good deal at her. it was, indeed, well known to all hands on board that phil was " spoons" on kitty ;   but she, aha ! was as arrant a flirt as ever breathed, and i believe even " made eyes " at the big boys in her class, of whom, by the way, phil would like to have been one. after pretty kitty harley, came pretty lily bolton, with a merry carol, and a good long chorus, in which all joined vociferously. and then there was pretty maggie walker, with a plaintive ballad, that suited her refined style of prettiness. and last, but not least, there was nellie lindsay pretty nellie lindsay-bless you, yes, all the tasmanian girls are pretty-and she commenced that dear old song, so often sung, but of which we never weary, " when other lips." she hadn't got half through the first verse-pm not romancing in the slightest ; every word i set down here is the solid truth-she hadn't got half through the first verse when jack, who never met her before that day, fell dead in love with her. her sweet sympathetic voice, her liquid, lustrous grey eyes, framed in a face   oí " milk and roses," went straight to his honest young heart ; and as the song con- tinued he saw nothing but nellie,while mas- ter phil, as before explained, saw noth- ing but kitty.   pleasant as this ocular absorption was, it would have been better for the pair of stripling mari- ners if their eyes had   been otherwise em- ployed, for even as they gazed and gazed, and even as nellie began verse two, lo ! with the suddenness   of lightning, there came upon them from the shore one of those fearful blasts known   as 'mountain-squalls/ that have brought mourning to so many hobart families ; not a tempest heralded by preparatory gusts . and signs unmistak-   able by the weather wise, no mingled storm of wind and rain, but an awful swooping, shrieking, tearing gust before which a sailing boat goes over and under bodily, and against which the strongest rowers are as little children.   gurr-r-r sh-sh-whew -w-w ! and in less time than it has taken to set down   this poor attempt to imitate the howl of that terrible blast, the frail skiff, fortunately lying stern on to the wind, was caught and   driven before the squall, amidst the spray whipped from the surface of the water and borne like snow. with the first onslaught of the wind   came distinctly the screams of those on shore, who saw the awful danger, but were helpless to avert it. " down, for your lives !" shouted jack to the terrified girls, as he and phil with one common impulse strove to ship the oars ; but the wind, that would not even let his words travel ten feet aft, broke the rowlocks and swept the oar from his grasp. phil's rowlocks were also broke, but, though his oar was useless, he managed to hold it lengthwise by the side of the boat, which was now quite at the mercy of the squall. without being able to hear him, the girls understood jack's vehement gestures, and crouched down aft, while the shrieking blasts bore away parasols, tore off hats and veils, and flouted their fair hair in level streaming drifts.   turning, with difficulty, jack looked ahead. pie saw at a glance that the boat was sweeping-flying» it almost seemed-towards the point forming the southern horn of the bay. once beyond that point, and they would be in the middle of the river, where the hurricane, bad as it was within the bay, would be felt at its worst. one moment in that seething cauldron beyond the point, and death was inevitable !   was it possible to keep the boat from going outside ? jack clenched his teeth, seized the oar that phil still gripped, and, yelling directions in his com- panion's ear, enabled him to get it sufficiently under control to give the boat's head a slight twist in shore. that twist saved their lives. in another second they were close upon the point, and jack, springing over the bows to starboard, and exerting the strength of a young hercules, absolutely tore the prow to shore, where he stood waist-deep amongst the rocks and slimy tangle to which the beach gave way hereabouts. battered and bleeding, and blinded by the spray, he fought against wind and current until phil was at his side ; and the boat, relieved from the weight forward, was drawn in a little further by the dauntless pair, and the dripping, half fainting girls landed in safety.   the boat, loosened from jack's grasp and lightened of its load, was whirled round the point and away to its fate.   ten minutes later the squall was over, and the dripping party rejoined their friends, to be dried and congratulated round a roaring camp-fire-phil and jack the heroes of the hour-and the latter the recipient of an unusually fine heart-shaped red carnelian, with which nellie, who had found it that day, shyly presented him, accompanying the gift with a dainty little speech, emphasised by tender moisture in the sweet grey eyes. and so, having won his spurs, and wearing his lady's gaze (for the rascal forthwith meaningly placed the carnelian in his watch pocket) jack became nellie's true knight, or, to use less high-flown language, her sweetheart.       chapter ii bricks without straw.   chapter il   bricks without straw.   early in the new year jack was duly installed as junior clerk in the office of messrs phineas, moss and company, wool and sperm oil buyers,; im- porters of general merchandise, and the hobart representatives of that great jewish clothing firm, elias moss and sons, of oxford street and the minories, london ; evey street, manchester ; duke street, liverpool, &c.;, &c;, &c.; his duties to begin with were of no very onerous nature-the checking of invoices and account sales, the collection of minor sums, the posting of letters and the execution of commercial errands is not work that requires a superfluity of brains or much in the way of training. mr.. samuels, the shrewd manager of the firm, who, together with young phineas moss (old phineas had retired), occupied the chief office, only looked into the clerks' office occasionally. phineas moss, junior, though, possessed of that certain amount of business aptitude which seems born with all his brethren, aspired to be as much of a man-about town as was possible in such a staid, not to say sleepy headed city as hobart, and rarely troubled his subordinates with anything like supervision. so jack was left principally to the care of anthony dethstone, the chief clerk, who, generally absorbed in his books, was satisfied so long as young curtis kept decently quiet and did what he was told to do do within a reasonable limit of time. but light as his labours were, the mere confinement of the office was terribly irksome to jack, as it has been to myriads of similarly situated lads since mammon invented commerce and the devil bound up the first ledger in the hides of dead defaulters. there are youths, plenty of them, who, having mastered the mysteries of tare and tret and profit and loss, and, primed with the modern golden rule that reads, h take care of number one," enter their first office brimful of ambition to gain a crown of undying glory in the kingdom of merchant princes. to them, with a set of self-interest tables, always ready for   reference, is. given that plodding patience which, like faith, overcometh all things, and they mount the ladder of success rung by rung until they reach the walls of the new jerusalem of trade and descend into the busy streets and by- paths of that golden city. but to others, such as jack, the ladder is a treadmill of punishment, a series of steps painful to tread, with an ever- eluding top im- possible of attainment.   to some of the latter there is solace even in the midst of dull routine, when they find time for furtive peeps at favourite books, or indulge a dawning faculty for literary composition. but jack, with his overwhelming love for exercise and out-door sports, bad no such vent for his restlessness as lies in romance, read or written. his only effort in the latter direction lies before me now. it is headed " an acrostic," and runs as follows :   e ntrancing, bewitching, thrice beautiful eyes, l ove's mirrors, reflecting his rosiest rays ;   l ike limpid pools glassing the glow of the skies, e re the sun-god has sunk in a golden-hued haze.   and here the fragment ends. the juvenile com- poser probably recognised the fact that in thus apostrophising his ellen's eyes, what ellen we can easily guess. the reflection of " rosiest rays " was   in effect a reflection on the state of the beloved   optics themselves-and so gave poetry up in despair ! be-this as it may, there is no doubt whatever that the very absence of any continuous call upon his services in that old, and, to tell the truth, moribund business, was jack's greatest trouble.   but there was at least one compensatory feature in connection with phineas, moss and co. like all good jews, the firm strictly observed their sabbath, and thus the office was closed on saturdays as well as sundays. bound on the latter day by the rules of his uncle's household, jack made one of the family party at morning and evening chapel, and never missed a service. whether this was entirely owing to his sense of duty and obedience to his guardian's wishes, or whether the proximity of the lindsay's pew to that of the baycroft's had anything to do with it, we cannot here pause to inquire. but on saturdays jack was free to do what he liked, and what he liked meant cricket, boating, mountaineer- ing, anything and everything. i am not sure that skittles ' was not included, which meant brisk exercise and a fair degree of excitement. such trips as he and phil bolton, who was not yet in an office, took together ; such walks to brom's river, álong the huon track, or up and over the pinnacle ! such pulls to south arm, bridgewater, or the scores of lovely bays that indent the shores of the derwent. and 'such confidences as the two chums inter- changed ! jack had laboriously drilled a hole through his carnelian, and wore it now ever nearer to his honest young heart than it had been on the day of the memorable picnic ; and, as the summer and autumn passed away, and mount wellington donned his white winter cap, while fairy glaziers put in icy panes over the street puddles in the early mornings, the warmth of jack's affection for nellie grew as the cold strengthened, until its glow was   better than the best of overcoats.   apart from sundays he met her pretty frequently now-a-days. her family had moved into hobart from the country towards the close of the previous year, and, ás they were: fairly well oft', the new- comers both gave and : attended many of , those innocent parties.which formed the extreme. of dis- sipation indulged in by their circle. . dancing, as became the tenets of their faith, they tabooed, but games and pastimes of every sort, from spin the trencher to . charades, musical, chairs, to. round the world in eighty days, made right merry sport. you ! oh, maiden ! trois-temps devotee, turn your already tip- tilted nose a trifle nearer to your, classic brow as you read this veracious chronicle, for you can see nothing to admire and everything to sneer at in such " childish romps " as you term them. but believe me, mademoiselle, your whirling waltzes and delirious galops are but dead sea apples as regards flavour in comparison with, say, an impromptu charade. a monotony of tee-totum twirls, forsooth vertigo breeding, dervish worship, to the sound of trumpets and brainless small talk, with your waist encircled in turn by twenty men whom you despise, to the one man at whose touch you tingle. what are such automaton motion and hackneyed gabble o réchauffe ideas to the keen delight of improvising and carrying out a semi-dramatic performance ir company with mr. wright, he and you hero anc heroine, and all the other actors heroes and heroine! as well. i declare when i look back upon some o my own old experiences in this line, i, old am world-worn as i am, feel an extra heart throb evei " at my time of life." but this is no place for m; own reminiscences. jack, we may be sure, was no slow to recognise the advantages and opportunitie held out to him by certain " strictly proper " ye " amply jolly " parlour pastimes, and nellie, charm ing nellie, and he were ever partners in the üuri oh! happy time! oh, golden morning of brîgb   youth ! let you and i friend, now old fogies, both look back upon our own young days and thank god, humbly and heartily, that we have known, at least once in our lives, the quickened pulse, the radiant eye, the sweet unreasoning impulses of pure and unsophisticated love !   and now, how easily and how willingly could i finish my story here, by causing jack, under the influence of his passion for sweet nellie, to curb his impatience, settle down to business, rise in the esteem of commercial and chapel-going men, inherit the money left to. him, marry nellie, and, as the dear old chronicles put it, live happy ever after. how gladly would i do this were i but writing a christmas tale to please my readers, and had i not set myself the task of a history, with a conscience to follow and a character to lose. " great," says the proverb, "great is truth, and must prevail." i bow my head, stifle my feelings, and continue.   jack had been little over a year with phineas moss and co., when something happened. now, don't all guess at once. he did not waver in his allegiance to nellie, and fall in love with stout miss abigail moss, who somehow made so many excuses to come into the clerks' office on her way to see her brother. he did not suddenly develop mania, and run a-muck through the warehouse. he did not forge the firm's unimpeachable name to a cheque for the purpose of sufficiently augmenting his own mild allowance to enable him to present nellie with a diamond necklace. he did something worse than any one or all three of these things combined. as thus : it has been set forth that every saturday was jack's own peculiar property. with five o'clock on friday night he was, so far as the firm was concerned, a free agent until monday morning. one friday it was the day the english mail closed, and he had been rather busier than usual- he had made arrange- ments that phil bolton should call for him, and the pair were to proceed forthwith up mount wellington, to sleep at the springs, and to go on to the pinnacle at dawn to see the sun rise. when five came there was phil also, but he had to wait some little time for jack ; indeed, until after the storeman had closed the place, all, save one door, and was standing thereat ready to let out jack, the last of the clerks. mr. dethstone, who had left a couple of minutes before, had said something to jack, which the latter, strap- ping on his knapsack and talking to phil, did not quite catch. it was probably merely a caution to be at the office early on the monday. so the lads went off in one direction mountainwards, and the storeman homewards in another. phil and jack had a glorious climb, supper at the springs, spent a magnificent saturday roaming on the mount, and reached their respective dwellings at io p.m., quite fagged out. next morning jack, as usual, accom- panied his uncle, aunt, and cousins to church, and was . sitting with his eyes rivetted on the back of nellie's bonnet, four pews ahead, when the rev. william brownjohns gave out the text, which was from the epistle of paul the apostle to the ephesians -never mind chapter and verse. at the word " epistles " jack's florid color forsook his face, his eyes grew wild ; indeed, i'm not sure that his teeth did not chatter. what was the matter ? only this: he had forgotten on the friday night to post the firm's, english letters, and the whole of the important british correspondence of messrs. phineas moss and ço. was àt that; moment, 11.48 a.m. on the sunday, lying ready stamped on the inner office table by the side of the brass letter balance ! no wonder poor jack lost colour. there was no earthly possibility of retrieving the mistake against the occurrence of   which dethstone's parting remarks had been a warn- ing. the steamer left launceston on the saturday, and by now was probably at port phillip heads ! the fault had to be acknowledged next day, but could not be condoned ; and per consequence, jack found himself, at io a.m. on the monday, a dis-   missed junior clerk, without a letter of recommenda-   tion.   between you and me and the post office, i don't think the missing of that mail did phineas moss and co. much harm, but you just put the matter to any merchant of your acquaintance who "fancies him- self" as p. m. and co. fancied themselves, and see what he says about it !   so jack was cashiered. his first feeling, after the poignancy of the disgrace was over, was one of relief, intense relief ; much as any young dog must experience when " off the chain "-albeit chain life may mean regular feed and plenty of basking in the sun. and the more his guardian and elders im- proved the occasion by animadverting upon the evils of carelessness generally and his own sin in parti- cular, the lighter it seemed. the more they magni- fied it into a mountain, the more his soul rebelled, and reduced, it to molecular proportions. but he felt all the same, that were it not for nellie, he should like to get away from hobart, at least for a while \ and so when phil came to ask him on a visit to the boltons station down the east coast way, jack begged hard to be allowed to accompany his friend. but uncle josiah was inexorable. he had made up his mind that failing the sackcloth and ashes, which jack declined to assume as a daily gar- ment, other means must be adopted to curb the young spirit. so tack said good-byel'to phil, and   for awhile helped in his uncle's office. for awhile only ; for the arrangement suited the old man as little as it did jack, and when one of his father's old friends offered him a billet in the gee- long branch of the cosmopolitan bank, uncle and nephew accepted the offei gratefully.   a week or two of preparation ; a farewell interview with nellie, at which the lovers exchanged vows of everlasting fidelity and the usual promises of con- tinuous correspondence ; and jack, full of fresh determination to conquer the world for nellie's sake, left his native shores in the good steamer orion, anc duly arrived at the pivot city, consignee to the care of the rev. sumner salter, an eminent congregational divine, ir whose household he was to have board lodging, and moral supervision, for £ satisfactory equivalent in coin of the   realm.       chapter iii amongst the money-changers.   chapter iii.   amongst the money-changers.   separated from all his old friends, jack found geelong in many respects duller than hobart, and the bank   routine even more monotonous and irksome than his duties amongst the israelites. but he stuck to work manfully, buoyed up by nellie's frequent and loving letters, and at the end of twelve months had given such satisfaction to the manager, that he was promoted to the goldtown branch, with a salary raised from ^ioo to ^150 per annum. to gold town he accordingly proceeded, by train and coach,   via ballarat.   goldtown, as we all know, lies in the centre of a large diggings district, and at the time of our story was a bustling place enough. for miles around, the face of the country was one vast honeycomb of " shafts " and " drives," and fresh rushes were fre- quently breaking out in the neighbourhood. the latter fact, and that of goldtown containing no less than three banks, conduced no little to the business importance of the place. travellers, most of them diggers, were constantly passing and re-passing ; whilst on saturdays the miners poured in in large bodies, and crowded into the banks to sell their week's find of gold. as many as fifty of these customers, several of them chinamen, sometimes awaited their turn to be attended to \ the whole staff of the bank, manager, accountant, ledger-keeper, and cash-bookkeeper-the latter now our friend jack, being kept hard at it ; the one pounding the gold to free it from adherent bits of quartz and clay, the second blowing, sifting, and weighing it, and the two others calculating and paying over the amount of purchase money. saturday was the busiest day at,goldtown, and the bank was kept open until four in the afternoon; but the staff had a weekly half holiday on the wednesday. it was, honestly speak- ing, very hard work. often and often " all hands " had to stick to the books until nine or ten at night ; for after the doors were shut the real business of the day commenced, for goldtown, being a central place,   the branch of the cosmopolitan bank had five "agencies" under it, and the daily returns from these arriving by the evening post, had to be incorporated with the bank's books, while there were weekly, monthly, quarterly, half- yearly, and annual state- ments to be made out in triplicate, wherewith to appease the draconian severity of the laws framed by the great " head-office." but the change was a delightful one for jack. plenty of hard work and perfect freedom when he left the bank. if he could only have met with some decent family where he could have lodged, this freedom would have had at least one wholesome check upon it, very needful in the case of a young fellow full of life and exuberant spirits just relieved from leading-strings of the closest description. but as such a thing as even a "genteel boardinghouse" was unknown in gold town ; bachelors not having dwelling-places of their   own were forced to take apartments in one or other   hotel.   jack, by the advice of the manager, put up at the best hotel, the " sir henry berkly," and there met, all things considered, a very decent set of fellows. some of the clerks from the other banks, opponents only in business, convivial friends out of it ; the doctor of the hospital, the editor of the goldtown scrutineer, the superintendent of telegraphs, and one or two others, made up the number. amongst them was one to whom jack speedily took a great liking. this was the teller of the australia felix bank, tom, generally called " paddy," garvan, a merry, dashing, black-eyed man, of three or four and twenty, whose hilarity of manner, and occasional lapses from the paths of the strictest propriety, caused him to be nick-named by some the " wild   irishman," although there was perhaps little to com- plain of beyond his irresistible good humour, and freedom of speech and expenditure. there was a whist club at the hotel, and of course the inevitable billiard-table ; and jack was soon a member of the former and a fair player on the latter, with "paddy" always as his partner to coach him in the new delights. one of the best players at both noble games was a certain mr. david vesper, a tall, slim, gentlemanly-looking man of about five-and-thirty, always faultlessly dressed, possessed of most pleasant manners, and a fund of anecdote that seemed to be inexhaustible. he was a great favourite in gold town, to which he made periodical visits from mel- bourne, though what his business was nobody seemed precisely to know. gold-buying, thought one; commercial travelling, hazarded another; political intrigues, guessed a third ; but when they compared notes, all were equally at fault for evi- dence to substantiate their theories. but all agreed that he was a capital fellow, a don at billiards, a perfect cavendish at whist, free with his money and always ready to take or give the odds in a little matter of betting. he sometimes won, he some- times lost ; perhaps, on the whole, his winnings slightly exceeded his losings, and he now and then pulled off a tolerably heavy stake towards the small hours between midnight and morning ; but it was conceded on all sides, that whatever he might be there was nothing of the adventurer about him, and not a few of the younger members amongst the goldtown bachelors found him ready on an emer- gency with both good advice and solid coin. above all things, he set an admirable example as regarded drinking. nobody had ever seen vesper the worse for liquor, and such a character shone out in gold town by reason of plenty of contrast.   one of vesper's periodical visits came off when   jack had been in goldtown about four months, and when he was already very intimate with his new chum paddy. it was paddy, indeed, who intro- duced jack to d. v., as his associates briefly ad- dressed their cool, pleasant friend, in the language of youthful familiarity that delights in abbreviated titles for its acquaintance ; and d. v. made himself as agreeable to jack as he did to all the others, gave him twenty out of fifty up at billiards and beat him by only two points, took him as a partner at whist and taught him many rare beauties of that glorious game without even so much as wincing when jack sacrificed the odd trick by what was, beyond all dis- pute, excessively bad play. it is true that that was early in the night when the stakes were low, and that later on, when stakes and players alike had reached a more elevated stage, jack was no longer his partner. but when four o'clock came, and a yawn or two resounded amongst both players and backers, the imperturbable d. v. was the first to suggest bed, notwithstanding that his luck was in and his manner as unwearied as ever. jack could not help admiring him on this and subsequent oc- casions ; especially one night, when a quarrel arose, and a few timely words from vesper set things straight, and made his hot-headed juniors ashamed of themselves for losing their temper over such a trifle. but somehow or another he did not share in paddy's enthusiastic admiration for the man. he did not distrust him. he did not distrust anyone at that period of his fresh manhood ; but there was no real affinity between the two. perhaps it was because he saw this that vesper, ever courteous and kindly, was doubly so to the young clerk of the cosmonolitan. as for tack and paddv. thev were   j i j - - - -   now inseparables, and many a gay ride and drive did they take in the neigh- bourhood together, frequently, to their shame be it said, arousing the midnight echoes as they dashed back into gold town after a trip to some new rush or hospitable station, until paddy's con- vivial sponsors cast about for some suitable sobriquet for the wild irish- man's constant companion in not very vicious mischief, and finally adopted "larrikin jack" as euphonious and of the latest fashion. so, as " larrikin jack," he was henceforth known amongst his cronies, and the name clung to him thenceforth, as we shall duly see. i wonder what uncle bay croft or the rev. sumner salter would have said had they known how the newly coined melbourne word which they misinterpreted as associated with only the lowest form of vulgar vice was applied to the lamb who had sojourned in their respective folds. but the news of jack's re- christening had not tra- velled to hobart yet. not yet.   and so another half-year slipped by, jack, despite many irregularities and one or two escapades, growing an adept at all varieties of bank-clerk work, for the* limited staff nf the p.nsmnnnlitan   1   had frequently to lend each other a helping hand, and fully qualifying himself for the increase of saiary that he felt would be his due at the end of his first year in goldtown. with that and his fifty pounds allowed under his father's will, which his guardian duly for- warded in half-yearly instalments, he felt that he could almost begin to save a little, in hopes of that blissful but " far-off event" which would change nellie's sur . name from lindsay to curtis. her letters, though not   so frequent as heretofore, breathed as ardent devotion as ever 3 and, as for jack's replies, they were as hot, strong, and sweet as the most exigeant sweetheart could desire. yes, in a couple of months, if they gave him, say ^,250 a year, here or elsewhere, that would be only his value as gauged by the salaries of his predecessors ; and, as ¿250 and ^50, makes ^300, surely he could put a little by. as for saving just at present, that was out of the question. paddy wanted an odd fiver now and again, and there was . £20 owing by him, jack, to vesper, who had really   pressed it on him during his last visit-for vesper was once more in goldtown on one of his flying trips» his half-yearly remittance had that day ar- rived, and was lying in his pocket. vesper should have the bulk of it, and then he would try and retrench, and he would knock off cards and billiards, and would go in for moderation in the matter of beers, and whiskies.-and-sodas, to which of late he had taken rather a liking.   these thoughts, and many others of a similar nature-the good resolutions that all beginners of a fast life have at irregular intervals-were coursing through jack's head one night in company with a splitting headache, as he sat by himself in the manager's room of the cosmopolitan, and dismally regarded a make-shift of a bed roughly got ready for his accommodation by peters, the bank messenger. peters had retired to his quarters across the back   yard, at about ten-it was now nearly midnight after wishing mr. curtis good night, and offering to brew him a glass of grog, of which, as peters confi- dentially observed, he himself "invariably took one, just one mild one, sir, as a nightcap,"-though cir- cumstances had once or twice given colour to an assumption that mr. peters'. nightcaps were neither mild nor single.   the rëason of jack's solitary vigil was very simple. mr. imperson, the manager, had been called away suddenly, by telegram, to meet the inspector at the nearest agency, and would not be back until morn- ing. not caring to' leave either the bank or his wife and children upstairs, to the sole protection of peters, he had sent up to the hotel for jack, and had driven off, after placing our hero on guard for the night. the same thing had happened before, and jack rather liked the responsibility as a change ; but to- night, when he had re-read his guardian's lost letter once, it hinted at reports of fast living, with an un- complimentary reference to the story of the prodigal son (part i.), and nellie's about a dozen times, he fell a-musing as above. his headache was too bad to let him sleep, or he would have thrown himself upon his "shakedown" and tried to rest. then he took up a part he had to study for a forthcoming performance of the goldtown garrick club-for the surreptitious " box and cox " of his school days, and later triumphs in charades, had naturally led him   into this-and endeavoured to commit the words to   memory. but all, save one stanza of a song in the burlesque, evaded his mental grasp. the lines ran   thus :   "i sit and sip in arbour yonder,   my eau de. vie with eau de seltz.   and on this truth i sadly ponder,   that absence makes the heart grow fonder   of some one else. of some one else."   nothing but this would adhere to his memory, and as it repeated itself in his brain with "damnable iteration," it somehow, curiously enough, became   connected with a sentence in nellie's letter, in which she referred to a visit then being paid to her people by a well-to-do male cousin - a young   everett-of-whose handsome looks   and generous ways jack had before heard. the verse, and nellie's refer- ence to her cousin, became more and more fused together, until the morbid reflections they gave rise to were unbearable, and, starting from his chair, jack determined to take a turn in the open air to clear his head. he put on his hat, opened the back door communicating with the yard, and thence with the street, and went out. it was a moonless night, with a heavy mist that seemed to muffle up both sights and sounds as with a fleecy wrapper, so that the kerosene street lamp, twenty yards off, shone with a faint reddish glow in the centre of a dull halo, and threw absolutely no light on surrounding objects. there was no one in the   street as jack passed into it. the fresh air did him good, his head throbbed less fiercely, but he still felt restless and unquiet. there could be no harm, despite his charge, in going as far as the sir henry berkly, not five hundred yards off, and having ten minutes, yarn with paddy, and just one refreshing glass of whisky and-soda before turning in. he strolled slowly up the street, entered the side door of the hotel, and asked the sleepy waiter where mr. garvan was. probably in either the billiard room or the commercial room, thought the waiter, so jack passed on. paddy was in neither of the two apartments; but in the commercial room a round of cut-throat euchre was just drawing to a conclusion. "hullo, larry !" was the salutation that greeted jack from all, save vesper, who never used nicknames. " ah, curtis !" said he, rising and push- ing over his losings to the conquerors, "just in time to take my place, i must go and finish some letters," and he left forthwith, without waiting to hear jack's excuses. pressed by the others to play "just one game, you know," jack consented, called for his whisky-and-soda, and commenced. somehow the one game had expanded into th^ee, and it was half past twelve before he was able to get áway. then, without saying anything about not staying at the hotel that night, he slipped out and made for the bank at a brisk pace. whether owing to the whisky and-soda,. or the distraction of the game, or the lively talk of his companions, or all three combined, his headache was much better and his thoughts brighter as he approached the back door of the building. to his surprise he found it ajar. he hesitated a moment, considering whether he could possibly have left it open. perhaps so. as he stood there looking in .across the manager's room, dimly lighted by the   turned-down table lamp, a sound came from the banking-chamber beyond. he knew in a moment   what it was. the creaking of the iron strong-room door as it turned upon its hinges.   lightly and swiftly he crossed the carpeted floor of the manager's room and peered through the crack of the door, from whence he could see the strong- room. yes ; there was a glare of light inside the strong-room, and a clink of coin told that somebody was at the bullion. quick as thought he decided what to do. under the counter, near the teller's drawer, were a loaded revolver and a life-preserver.   he would seize the former and confront the robber.   he crept forward. as his foot touched the bare boards of the banking chamber it made a slight grat- ing noise. in a flash the light in the strong-room went out, and as jack dashed to the counter and seized the first weapon to hand-the life-preserver a figure sprang past him across the manager's room and out at the back door, which was pulled to from the outside. able only to see by the dim light that the figure was masked and clad from head to foot in a mackintosh, jack wrenched open the door and followed, running across the yard to where he saw someone fumbling with the back gate. thud came the avenging life-preserver through the mist, and with a duli groan the figure fell prone at jack's feet. he knelt down and looked closely ,at. the face. it was paddy's !       chapter iv a friend in need.   chapter iv.   a friend in need.   a swift revulsion ot ieeling surged through him as he gazed upon the rigid features of his friend. was he dead? exerting all his strength, jack lifted the senseless form on his broad shoulders, and bearing it staggeringly to the manager's room, laid it on the   make-shift bed. as he did so he thought he heard the click of the back gate, but at that moment there came also the welcome sound of a faint sigh from paddy's lips he lived, then ! hastening to the filter in the corner of the room jack brought from it a tumblerful of water and bathed the forehead and face. while thus engaged he noticed for the first time that paddy was in his ordinary everyday dress. no signs of mask or macintosh. the former might have fallen off, but it was impossible for the burglar to have disencumbered himself of the latter. there was but one conclusion. " thank god ! " cried jack. but even as he spoke the thought came that he had stricken down, perhaps to death, an innocent marl- and that man his bosom friend. and then there flashed across his mind that click at the gate. he saw it all. dodging him in the mist the robber had waited in the yard for a chance to escape-a chance only too easily offered while jack was bearing the wounded man to the bank-and the few valuable moments that might have been employed in fol- lowing and seizing the burglar had passed. then came another thought. the figure of the escaping scoundrel. tall and slim, even beneath the disguising macintosh. little to go by, yet still it gave jack an idea. an idea that caused him to adjust the pillows well under poor paddy's head, and tear off at top speed to the hotel. the side-door was still open, but there was no one in the passage. without a word jack hurried to vesper's room, and tried the door. it was locked. his heart gave a great jump, and his suspicions took firmer shape. then he knocked once, sharply.   " all right-coming !" said a quiet voice, and vesper opened the door. he was in his shirt sleeves, a pen in his hand, a half smoked cigar between his . lips, and on the table were three or four newly ad   dressed letters, while another was on the blotting pad in front of his chair. vesper, himself, was calm and imperturbable as ever, his face wearing its usual well-bred smile, stood, motioning jack to a chair, and saying, " had enough of the cards, eh 1 and going to do me the honour of a chat and a. smoke. sit down, curtis; sit down. only a few lines more to do and i'm at your disposal. there's the whisky, and there are the cigars." mechanically jack took the seat offered him, and vesper, without noticing his visitor's tremblng excitement or waiting for him. to speak, resumed his own seat and went on with his letter. while he wrote jack had time to recover himself and to feel how baseless was his suspicion. vesper blotted his sheet, folded it, ad- dressed and closed the envelope, and looked up again, smiling pleasantly, with the simple ejaculation, " so !" as he tossed the letter amongst its fellows, and took a whiff to keep his cigar alight.   "the fact is, mr. vesper," began jack, anxious to get back to his wounded friend as soon as pos- sible, and inspired with a lucky excuse to account for a brief visit, "the fact is, i wanted to pay you that twenty pounds," and he handed across his uncle's draft as he spoke.   " thanks," said vesper, " short reckonings, long friends, i hope. but you needn't have been in such a hurry ; though i'm not particularly flush just now. rather hard hit at hington t'other day. let's see twenty-five," and producing a neat pocket-book he took out a five-pound note and handed it to jack, between the tips of his long scrupulously clean fingers. "always glad to oblige a friend, and par- ticularly you, curtis. take quite an interest in you, you know. what ! no whisky, and no smoke !" for jack had risen. " well, nothing like early hours sometimes-good-night !" and he held out his hand.,   smiling more pleasantly than ever jack shook vesper's hand quite cor- dially, for he felt as if the act was in itself a sort of unspoken apology, and passed out into the passage. then he was eager again to do all he could for paddy. fortunately he found dr. price, the hospital surgeon, in the billiard-room, and calling him out, explained to him rapidly what had happened. it was best to make a clean breast to the doctor, if to no one else. so the pair hurried back, through heavy rain, which was now falling,'to the bank, to find paddy still unconscious, though moaning   at intervals.   price rapidly examined him, and, to jack's infinite relief, pronounced him in no immediate danger. he   would have to remain where he was   until morning, when he could be carefully removed, and then a few days' nursing would possibly set him on his legs again. "although," added price, " he'll have to be pretty cau- tious in the future-not too much whisky, you know ; in fact any excite-   ment will be bad for him." then price stayed ; by the patient while   jack went to look at the strong-room. the bags of gold were disturbed, and one lay on the floor amidst some spots of candle grease, while in the key hole of the strong-room door was the key that had opened it. the burglar had left nothing else behind him. a sudden idea then seized jack. he referred to the general cash book, where, in his own handwriting stood a record of the day's gold balance. then he counted the bags. one containing five hundred pounds in sovereigns was missing. all his wild hopes of in any way hushing up the affair vanished. he locked the strong-room door, and reported what he had discovered to price! price suggested a look at peters. jack went to the mes- senger's quarters and could hear that worthy snoring in a drunken sleep ; neither he nor any of the house- hold above in the front rooms facing the main street had been in the least disturbed ; indeed the slam- ming of the back door, evidently opened by another false key, had been the only sound likely to awaken anybody. then price pointed out to jack the neces- sity of at once informing the police, and our hero reluctantly set out to summons them. half an hour later that vigilant officer, inspector macgillivray, and his henchman, sergeant o'donohue, were busily engaged groping about the yard with lanterns. their only discovery was one footprint, that did not match with either jack's, or the doctor's, or the bewildered peters'-now roused up-in the soft dust near the back door. the rain that set in after the burglary was committed had entirely obliterated all other traces. jack noticed, with a. renewed feeling of re- morse for his momentary fancy about vesper, that the print in question was that of a long broad foot, quite unlike vesper's natty boots; so that when asked by the inspector if he had any suspicion of the identity of the robber, he answered " no," with a   clear conscience. but he insisted strongly on the mask, the macintosh, and the click of the gate. there was nothing to be ascertained from paddy, who was not yet conscious, and the " authorities " left, after a final view of the strong- room, taking with them the false key.   next morning early, paddy, tenderly watched through the night by jack, was removed to the hospital, showing favourable signs of recovery, and by breakfasttime all goldtown knew of the robbery, the scrutineer even publishing an "extraordinary," with "latest particulars," and all sorts of clever theories about the affair. but they were mere theories, more calculated to mislead than otherwise ; and it may as well be here stated, that though the police were, as is usual in such cases, " untiring," "indefatigable," "lynx- eyed," and a host of other stereotyped adjectives, with " a fresh clue " ever and anon cropping up, they never succeeded in putting their hands on the culprit. indeed, the great daylight robberies of the renowned murphy gang soon afterwards absorbed all their attention, and gave them eighteen months of anxiety and public opprobrium.   before the hour for opening the bank arrived, mr. imperson had returned, and was made acquainted with what had occurred. pending an official enquiry, he forthwith suspended jack, who, doubt- less, himself under the surveillance of the police at this time, was fairly prepared for the blow, and felt   it the less keenly, as ' it gave him leisure to   look after paddy. exactly twelve hours   after he had been struck down, the latter opened his eyes, to find his chum by his bedside, and to arrive, by slow de- grees, at a compre- hension of how he came to be on the broad of his back in that whitewashed ward. although dr. price prohibited much in the way of conversation, suffi- cient explanation passed between the friends for jack to express his bitter sor- row for his mistake, a speech which paddy stopped with a faint smile, and " don't fret, larry, old man, not your fault and for paddy to relate how, hear- ing at the hotel that jack had been asking for him, he went down as accustomed to the back of the bank to see if jack was there, and hav- ing entered the yard   was in the act of re   fastening the gate when he received the blow. he had seen nothing whatever of the burglar, and hardly heard jack's light footsteps until they were close by   him.   amongst the first visitors to follow jack to the hospital was vesper. he was not allowed to see < paddy, but spoke so kindly and feelingly to jack   that the poor fellow, really hungering for sympathy,   lost the last shred of his dislike for the man of the   world, and gave him at parting a hand-shake with a bit of his heart in it. other visitors followed-for paddy was almost as great a favourite in the town as jack, or larry-even more so, perhaps, with the fair sex, for paddy was intensely susceptible and unat- tached, whereas jack's unswerving fidelity to nellie made him a trifle circumspect in this direction ; and there were bouquets, and glasses of jelly, as' well as . kind enquiries from a dozen goldtown homes. such   attentions as these were prompted by the purest spirit of kindness, as it was well known that all paddy's relations were far away in ireland.   one of the first things that jack did as soon as paddy went off into a comfortable sleep was, to sit down in the doctor's snuggery and write a full, true, and particular account of the whole affair to uncle josiah. the sympathetic vesper called again before the lengthy narrative was quite completed, and jack, feeling that his hands would be strengthened by the advice of so clear-headed a friend, read over the " unvarnished tale " to him. vesper suggested a few alterations in the style without touching the facts, and gaining jack's extended confidence step by step, learned his exact position as regarded future pros- pects ; indeed there was only one matter that jack   held back, and that, as all true lovers will readily perceive, was-nellie.   " you say," said the astute vesper, " that you are suspended pending an inquiry, and the decision of the board of directors, which decision may be your dismissal. you also tell me that your guardian holds a life interest in a large sum of money coming to you at his death. why not ask him to advance you a sufficient amount to replace the stolen money ac once, and so soothe the irritation of the board, pro- ceeding, believe me, mainly from their pockets?"   jack grasped at the idea ; added a postscript strongly urging this course on uncle josiah, and de- spatched the hospital messenger to the post with the letter. then the nurse called him to see paddy, who was awake again, and vesper took his departure. later on jack wrote to nellie as weil, making as light as possible of his adventure.   a week passed, during which paddy rapidly re- gained strength, though his head troubled him much at intervals, and at last came uncle josiah's reply. it was brief and to the point. " he regretted, deeply regretted, to find that the outcome of all the pious training, the many prayers, had been the falling of his nephew into what, he heard, on reliable authority, could only be called evil course, the direct result of which, no doubt, was this present disaster. but, as he, john, had made his bed so he must lie on-it. he was in disgrace, and would possibly suffer still further disgrace, as he, uncle josiah, had often sor   rowfully predicted. it was good that the sinner should be brought low and made to feel his sin. repentance might follow. concerning the request for money ; as a business man, as well as a christian, he could not accede to it. if the bank had any legal claim on their careless servants, they must establish that claim by law." and so, with a denunciatory text, which need not be here quoted, " he remained, &c;, &c.;"   his first burst of not unnatural anger over, jack regarded the situation philosophically, and rested, like mahomet's coffin, suspended without any visible means of support. but he had not to' wait long. the bank's chief inspector arrived a few days later and took such evidence as was forthcoming, making also private enquiries, which, alas ! did not redound to jack's credit as regarded steadiness. the inspec- tor's report was forwarded to melbourne ; the board of directors discussed the question ; and their find- ing being, "that mr. john curtis had displayed culpable negligence, not to use a harsh term, in leaving the bank against orders while in sole charge, and for a paltry matter of his own gratification (they had found out all about those unlucky games of euchre), they were reluctantly compelled to dispense with his further services." and so the axe fell, and jack's career, as a budding banker, was at an end. but he had youth, health, strength, and nellie, still on his side, and with these allies he said to himself his case was not quite desperate   paddy was far more troubled than jack at the cruel sentence, and broke out in strong celtic, of anything/but a drawing-room pattern when he heard the news. he had long known that bankers were   selfish beasts, with cash-boxes where, their hearts should be, and money-bags in place of bowels of compassion. never had he asked for a rise but what this truth was brought home io him. 'give him haifa chance and he would cut the painter, and leave them to wallow in their filthy lucre. whereat re- lieved, he went for a long drive with jack, and the pair renewed vows of eternal friendship over a bottle of beer at the half-way house between goldtown and the blooming luck rush. .   but talking was one thing, acting another, and for a day or two jack was at his wits' end to know what to do. half a month's salary was all he had in the shape of cash, and that was not enough to settle up his goldtown debts. in the midst of his perplexity came a letter from vesper, who had returned to melbourne just before the arrival of the bank in- spector, couched in the kindest terms, and enclosing a draft for fifty pounds.   " i have heard all about how they have treated you," the letter ran, " and cordially«sympathise. thinking it possible, after your uncle's unkindness, that you may be in want of a little ready money, i beg you to accept the enclosed, as a loan, repayable at your convenience. by all means leave goldtown and come to melbourne at once. this is the best   advice i can give you. you will find rae at the exchange any day, at noon. yours, very truly,   david vesper."   jack showed the letter to paddy, and they both   pronounced vesper a trump. it cleared jack's horizon won- derfully. he paid his debts, packed up his traps, was enter-   tained at a farewell   supper by his bohe- mian friends, rele- gated his post in the   now imminent dra-   matic performance to another aspirant for histrionic honours, and was whirled away   in the castlemaine   coach in the grey of   one summer morn-   ing ; paddy sitting   beside him on the   box, accompanying   him for three or four miles, when the chums promised to correspond regularly and meet again when ever possible, bade   each other a brother-   ly adieu ; and paddy   returned on foot towards goldtown, while jack,with thirty pounds in his pocket, but a heavier weight in his heart, looked back and waved his hand until distance   and rising tears mas-   tered his frank blue   eves.       chapter v satan's coach.   chapter v.   satan's coach.   arrived in melbourne, jack put up at the albion, and lost no time in seeking vesper. he found that gentleman in the midst of a group of excited individuals under the verandah. pooh-poohing jack's exuberant thanks, vesper took him on one side and they had- a talk about recent events in goldtown, vesper making special enquiries after paddy, for whom, as he said, he shared jack's admiration. he was delighted to hear that paddy was almost himself once more, and hoped to see him soon again. and what was the latest development of the bank robbery affair ? had they any real clue to the scoundrel ? of course not. those country police were such muffs, you know. then they went to a first- class restaurant and had a first-class lunch, with a bottle of first-class wine to wash it down, for all of which vesper insisted on paying. during lunch vesper asked jack what he thought of doing and whether he had many friends in melbourne. to the first question jack replied by a shrug of the shoulders ; to the second by saying that he did not know a soul in the city.   "never mind," said vesper, "take a quiet lodging somewhere in east melbourne or carlton, so as not to be too far away from the business centres, and i daresay i shall be able to get you something to do before long. how are the funds?"   jack mentioned that he still had not far from thirty pounds.   "good," replied vesper, "now off with you lodging-hunting, and look me up again when you are settled. be prudent, curtis, and things will soon come all right. i'm sure you don't mind my preach- ing just a little, for i'm nearly old enough to be your father, and take, as i have said before, a real interest in you."   whereat jack, appreciating the contrast between this comparative stranger and his own kith and kin, grasped vesper's hand with effusive gratitude, and mentor and telemachus separated.   there was little difficulty in finding the necessary lodgings ; and in less than a week jack, through vesper's influence, obtained temporary work in a sharebroker's office at a rate of remuneration that made him feel easy in his mind as to all immediate wants." determined to do justice to his friend's recommendation he applied himself with the utmost diligence. and so a couple of months went by, jack frequently meeting vesper, and accompanying him to the theatres, a source of keen delight, for few and far between had been his stolen visits to dramatic performances in hobart and geelong, and in gold town the strolling players that now and then hired the large hall wrere not stars of by any means the first magnitude. on the whole, with the natural elasticity of spirits common to his age, jack was tolerably happy. save for one thing, he had not heard from nellie since his disgrace. he had written   several times but had received no reply. could her letters have in some way miscarried? paddy, who seemed to be growing more and more discontented with his lot, wrote frequently and had made all necessary enquiries at the gold town post office, besides, jack had given nellie his new address.   that his uncle was silent caused him no uneasiness, but that steamer after steamer should arrive from tasmania without one word from nellie, was more than strange.   could she be ill ?   he was about making up his mind to get a week's leave of absence from his new duties and cross over to hobart, when whom should he run up against one day in collins street but phil bolton. after the first delighted recogni- tions, phil volunteered the infor- mation that he was married-had been married three months.   " of. course, to miss harley," blurted out plain spoken jack, remembering the confidences and episodes of former days.   "kitty harley? no fear ¡"was phil's laughing rejoinder. " bless you, she was too much of a flirt for me. no, my boy; strange you haven't heard. maggie walker was my choice, and i'm sure i shall never regret it. the old woman and i get along stunningly. why, she's even let me over here for a week, but i mustn't stay longer. 'twouldn't do, you know."   the daring impudence display- ed by this benedict of two-and twenty in styling his ninety-day bride the " old woman was lost upon jack, in the consciousness that here was his opportunity of   nearing news ot in ellie. he was almost afraid that phil would hear the thumps of his heart, as, accom- panying him towards scott's, he put the diplomatically framed question : "had a jolly wedding of course -all the old hobart folk there?" phil nodded; "and who were the bridesmaids?" continued jack, in as careless a tone as he could manage.   " let me see," said phil. " mag had four. there was sis, lily, you know, and jenny harley (kitty wouldn't show up, you can guess why), and pollie barker, and-yes-nellie lindsay " (jack's heart gave a double knock). " you remember her of course? you ought to, though, like me, no doubt, you're a fickle beast. by jove ! she is a stunner now. i had'nt seen her for nearly two years-been at the station, you know-and isn't she carrying on top ropes" (poor jack !) " with that cousin of hers-what's his name, the adelaide squatter oh ! everett. they're engaged, i believe-or ought to be. he's one of your pretty men- hairdresser's wax figure, you . know, and that sort of thing. old walker gave us a slap-up blowout-soda and fizz presents a i. mag got a cheque fromhergovernor." and so he rattled on with various items connected with the joyful event, but jack heard not a word beyond the sentences that referred to nellie. the barman at scott's stared at the quantity of whisky the young man took for his friend's sixpence, and phil found jack strangely " off colour," as he put it.   then jack had to return to his office, and spent an afternoon in making such mistakes that the stock- broker's head clerk thought he must be drunk, and he certainly did smell of whisky, though the poor fellow was only too painfully sober and alive to suffering caused by the cruel stab he had received.   he dined with phil again by appointment before the latter returned to hobart, and put so many questions to him, all in the one strain, and seemed so care- worn and nervous that phil, blunderheaded as he was, began to realise how the land lay, and would fain have undone what he had done could he but have seen how to manage it. it was like his infernal luck, he said to himself, and then he made elephan- tine efforts to change the subject, and drank more than was good for him, an example, that i regret to say, jack followed, and too willingly.   when the chums of yore parted that night jack felt in his half muddled state that he almost hated phil, and he stumbled through the gas-lit streets to his lonely lodgings, cursing men and women generally, and, alas ! women in particular.   a double surprise awaited him-paddy, down for a holiday, and a telegram. the sight of paddy pulled him together and did him good, and he revoked half   of his late anathemas.   he opened the telegram.   it announced the sud-   den death of his guardian.   jack was alto- gether sober- ed now.   * *   seven thousand pounds ! if you or i, my sweet and possibly impecunious reader, suddenly came into such a sum of money what should we do with it ? speculate in mining shares in hopes to breed more money, and die church-endowing millionaires. give one half to the poor and " live the purer with the other half," as hamlet put it. take a trip home, do the grand tour on the continent, and return to settle down and live upon the fruits of careful investment. enter parliament, and feed   ambition fat-who knows ?   as for jack, he did none of these things. he simply banked his little fortune, handed the direc- tors of the cosmopolitan five hundred pounds-i think he was foolish in this-refunded vesper his fifty, closed his connections with the stock broker; cleared out from his carlton lodgings, and went to sydney on a spree with paddy. vesper, still to the   fore with the best of all good advice, tried to check , him, for he detected the symptoms of the disease, ., though he little guessed either its virulence or its cause, but the pair were off too quickly, and in sydney, i grieve, as an upright prehistoric must always grieve to have to tell unpleasant truths, in sydney they fully proved their right to the old goldtown nicknames, "larrikin jack" and the " wild irishman." paddy, excited by jack in one of his worst moods, wrote to goldtown, throwing up his   billet. while the money lásted, jack swore paddy should have half of it. and then, who cared to think of the future, rapidly as cheque succeeded cheque through the more or less questionable channels to the melbourne bank. there was a deal of spending in six thousand five hundred pounds. had he been a gambler, or for the matter of that, had paddy been one, it might have all gone in a night. but there was, at least, sufficient method in their madness to . ensure their getting something in the way of pleasure, however hollow, out of their   coin.   then, suddenly, vesper turned up, and for the first   time in his wild career jack experienced a sensation . of shame, as the cool, gentlemanly man of the world walked into the hotel bedrdom at lunch time one day and awakened the reckless couple. but jack was soon at his ease again. vesper, strange to say, spoke not a word of rebuke. he gossiped away on all the melbourne news while jack and paddy dressed, took lunch with them-it was their breakfast-and " beat the rounds " with them that   night, as gaily as if he had been with them all along. he was up for one ot the randwick meetings, and   next dav thev all went out to the course. tack.   guided by vesper, pulled off a couple of hundred, and was as   pleased as a child. keeping fairly . sober, the lads-for though both had now big beards and mous- taches to match, they were but lads after all-saw the meeting out, and were rather in pocket   than otherwise.   the meeting over, vesper had a new pleasure in store for them. a new actress had lately arrived from america. vesper had met her during a trip through the states, and he offered to introduce them to her. delighted, they accompanied him late that night   to the house where miss amoret had a suite of apartments. she greeted her old acquaintance rap- turously, and his friends with reflected warmth. they were at home at once. miss amoret, a woman of great personal charms, with a splendid figure, an exquis- itely modelled face, and coal-black eyes, that burned with wondrous fire, was, like others of her fair countrywomen whom we have known, better off the stage than on. her slight accent was rather an attraction than otherwise, and her manner was winning in the extreme. at supper, the good things of the table were only equalled by the good things said by the hostess, and vesper, who seemed in his happiest mood, kept pace with her in a trial of wit. jack and paddy were fairly fascinated, and when they left at two in the morning had arranged all sorts of picnics and outings, to which miss amoret was to bring whomsoever she liked, while they in turn were told that they were   frpp nf flip hmisp. tf thftv rmi 1*1   have seen the calculating hardness of miss amoret's face, and heard what she muttered to herself in the sacred privacy of her boudoir as she looked in the glass and examined the tinting of her fine eyelashes, ' they would not have been so voluble in their praises of her as they were on their homeward way. but where would be romance, where poetry, and where, oh ! where, the drama, above all, if we were to strip the puppets before the audience and shew the padded, wooden horrors, that sublie the outward beauty ? go to philosophers and cynics who would tear the glittering tinsel off. we are all young once in our lives,.and "youth must have its fling !" aye, even though that fling may prove a " throw" that breaks young bones-to leave hearts out of the reckoning.   pressed by jack, and urged by paddy, vesper stayed on in sydney, and the "fun" continued, vesper exercising authority,- for it really was authority, only in one direction. he kept the youngsters within some limit as regarded drink, though at times they exceeded even his control. they had their picnics, their yachting parties, their four-in-hand drives, to their hearts' content ; miss amoret always the queen of the revels and exercis- ing her dangerous influence over both, but more especially on jack, poor fellow ! put yourself in his place', my brother. he had lost the one guid- ing star, of his young life-his faith in nellie. any- where, anything, for what consolation he could find ! the sudden acquisition of such wealth at the very moment when the only object for which ' he ever   coveted wealth was beyond his reach-the re-action was overpowering. had it not been for vesper, he would simply have drank himself to death. one ?day, alone with vesper, he went further than he had ever done before, and confided all his sorrows to that worthy. as before, vesper sympathised most .heartily ; he himself, as he said, had been through it all. time, the great healer of all wounds would, however, heal this. if the girl was not worthy of him, why give her further thought? there were ^.other women in, the world ; and so on with a score   .of platitudes that brought but little balm, but still further strengthened jack's reliance on the experi-   enced advice of this staunch friend.   shortly after this there was a grand night at miss amoret's, what she called an anti-cinderella ball, on the principle that the proceedings commenced in- stead of ending at midnight, while the ball resolved itself into a mixture of carpet-dance and card party. there were several ladies from the various theatres present and a number of gentlemen, most of them well known by jack and paddy ; but vesper did not put in an appearance. he was detained at a club supper from which he could not possibly get away. but they enjoyed themselves admirably without him. the champagne flowed in copious streams, the music was delightful, the girls were most of them pretty, and miss amoret was at her best. jack, who had lately picked up dancing, had a waltz with her, and as he held the superb creature in his amis, and felt   her supple figure swaying in his embrace, the sensuous languor of the moment over- came him, he breathed words of passionate love in her ear, and to his ecstacy found a responsive pressure in the hand he held   in his.   after the dance, carried away by his success, he joined, still with miss amoret by his side, in the card-playing ; and, lucky in love, as he said to himself (referring of course but to the present moment), was also, in defiance of the.proverb, lucky also at cards. the game was poker, with which the fair amoret was quite familiar, and jack held the most astonishing hands in the way of sequences, flushes, threes and fours. in little less than an hour, though the stakes were never excessively large, he stood a heavy winner. miss amoret, too, was anything but a loser, and the other players began to couple their names to- gether as invincible. at last the game came to an end, the dancers had grown tired, the music ceased, and larrikin jack, for sydney men now freely called him by that name, accepting the acknowledgment of defeat from his opponents, and promising them their revenge some other night, rose from the table a winner of four hundred pounds-four hundred pounds that he did not want ; but still, that, under the circum- stances, it was pleasant to have won. more champagne, and a final chat before breaking up. now jack had already had more than enough wine ; and this, his suc- cess with the cards, and beyond all, a glance or two from miss amoret's dark eyes, set. his head in a whirl. the final chat extended itself into an animated con- versation; in which ladies and gentlemen   alike joined, about theatrical matters. miss amoret, who had not made as much in sydney as she expected, was complaining how she could never get things done as she wished. managers were so stingy, so grasping. if now, she could only have a theatre of her own, in three months she could make a fortune-a positive fortune. ! little berks, the architect, who was there with his diamond studs, was ready to build her one if she could find the necessary capitalists ; and dam- mit, would forego all commission. moss isaacs, proprietor of a third-rate hall, offered to make what alterations she liked at his place and "take her in" as a partner, as he would undoubtedly have done had she agreed ; and burly bob tallerman reminded her that ;the foundation stone of his own venture, the "empress," had just been laid. but none of   these offers suited her. and then she told them   that with;five thousand pounds at her back she could ¿get the melbourne royal ; the lease had nearly ex- pired, and with that amount of capital she could .secure the renewal, refit the theatre, run her own business, and dispose of the lease at a profit when   it suited her.   ' five thousand pounds ! a bright idea struck jack, who, by the way, had had some talk with her before on the subject. if the gentlemen present would join him, he would be one to make up the sum. the " gentlemen present " didn't quite see it. he was no doubt a millionaire, and could afford such luxuries ; but-and they looked at each other as if ready to go. then miss amoret, pinching jack's arm by way of encouragement, had in her turn a bright idea.. let mr. curtis give a bill-say in three mohths,-and let the other gentlemen   endorse it. each and all of the " other gentlemen" reflected a moment, then they whispered together, the result -of their whispers being an agreement that if mr. curtis liked to sign the bill then and there -miss amoret's eyes glistened-they would initial it, and would probably, after further consideration, sign their names in full when it was brought round to them. to jack, whose head was now more in a whirl than ever, this proposal seemed fair enough. he gaye a burleigh nod. moss isaacs, who always carried bill forms in his pocket, filled one up for the amount. jack steadied and partly sobered himself for a moment and signed it. the " other gentle- men" one after another initialled it, including paddy, who till now had been making hot love in a corner to miss pointdexter, walking lady, and had not the remotest idea whether he was witnessing a will or signing a death-warrant. miss amoret put the document in her bosom, jack s eyes following it the while, and the party rapidly broke up. jack and paddy were the last to leave, and as paddy moved on ahead miss amoret called jack back, gave him one burning kiss on his lips, and pushed him gently   into the street as she closed the door.   by the aid of a passing hansom jack and paddy got to their hotel as the milkmen were going their rounds, and neither of them awoke till late the next day ; in fact, it was the afternoon when jack opened his- eyes, to find vesper sitting at the edge of the   bed.   " i want to speak to you as soon as convenient," said vesper, glancing towards the still sleeping paddy ; " i shall be in the next room."   jack, half dressed, and but a quarter awake, pro- ceeded to the sitting room,   " now, jack," said vesper, who had lately exchanged the formal " curtis" for the more familiar title, "i have just come from miss amoret's, where   i called round on some theatre business of hers.   do you remember what you did last night ?" then, seeing jack's dazed look, vesper continued, " wait a minute," and, ringing the bell, ordered a brandy and-soda from the waiter who entered. jack gulped down the refreshing draught, and felt better.   " do you remember?" repeated vesper.   " i do," replied jack, whose head was clearing. " i gave her a bill for five thousand pounds to help her in getting the melbourne royal ; and," he added, reflectively, " the other fellows signed it."   " initialled it, you mean," exclaimed vesper ; " initialled it, which is a vastly different thing. and do you think for a moment that if you take that bill to any of them, they will sign it ? certainly not. what remains ? you, ári'd you only, are responsible. you, and you only, have to meet the bill."   here jack, whose mind was reverting to a certain parting kiss, broke in with, " well, supposing so, before its due she'll have made enough to repay me, or, if not, part of the money ; and besides-"   " besides what ?" interrupted vesper. " man, are you a fool ? has she been ogling you with those black eyes of hers, and rubbing those white shoulders against yours, or even pressing those red lips against yours, as she may have done with fifty others ?"   " look here," began jack, " i won't allow you or any one else to talk that way of miss amoret."   " be quiet," retorted vesper, " and listen to a man who you can't deny has proved himself your friend." jack bowed his aching head. " miss amoret is a very fine woman, but she is to my knowledge a woman who can turn men like you-i say it without meaning any offence to you--round her little finger. ask her what she did with tiny truefoot, of new york ; or with marston wedge, of 'frisco ; or rance redwood, of virginia city-ate them up, sir, by g-d, body and bones and all. i was with red- wood when he died, and i ought to know. and shall not i stretch out a hand to save you from such a fate ? no, you may well stare ; you never saw me like this before, but i can get excited, and i am now." and to emphasise the fact, vesper rose and began pacing to and fro rapidly. " look here," he continued, '"you gave that bill for five thousand, with-; how much in the bank?"   " about five thousand two hundred," said jack wearily, as the truth began to dawn upon him.   " then in three months you will be penniless mark my words-penniless, unless you get that bill   back."   " get it back," sighed jack, again reverting to the dance and the kiss ; " easier said than done. if all you say is true-well, i've found out another woman. but how to recover the bill, i-"   "hardly see," cried vesper, completing the   sentence for him. "but i do look here !"   he stopped short in his restless walk, drew a document from his pocket, and threw it   on the table.   " the bill !" cried jack, in amazement,   looking first at the figures, then at his own' name and the initials of the " other gentle- men."   " yes, the bill," echoed vesper sarcasti- cally ; and stepping to the table he held the precious piece of paper up between his forefinger and thumb. " now i don't think we need trouble the initialiers for   their signature in full. we might as well go in search of the holy trail, or leich- hardt, or-"   " or an honest woman !" sighed jack.   " what i propose is this" continued vesper ; and striking a match he set fire   to the corner of the bill, and let it slowly ' consume before jack's eyes. " there, jack," cried vesper, stretching out his hand, which jack grasped, as the ashes of the bill gracefully sailed to the floor, "that's over, and now take my advice. don't see anything more.of miss amoret, at least lust yet. she remains in sydney another fortnight before she goes to melbourne ; but if you're agreeable, we'll take a trip   elsewhere. a steamer starts for new zea-   land to-morrow. you and i and paddy will go to the hot lakes together. it will do us all three good, and while we're on the journey-well, i shall give you a little, a very little, more of my good advice, and when our tour ends, which will be at mel- bourne, i hope to see that bank balance of yours undiminished, for i know you've plenty of ready cash and i o u's you can realise at once-oh yes,.i heard all about   last night, you see-and you shall go in for some straight business or other, or my name's not what it is. there ! as they said of old, i have spoken."   what could jack do but thank, and that heartily, this disinterested friend who had pulled him out ot the jaws of the tigress ; though i fear he nad still some little hankering after the donor of that luscious kiss, despite her attributes as sketched by one who knew her so well, and who, to judge by his recovery of the bill, had some extraordinary influence over   her.   so they packed up, and next afternoon were steaming through sydney heads en route for new   zealand.       chapter vi "thumbs up!"   chapter vi.   "thumbs up !"   as prophesied, the trip to the hot lakes and round about new zealand did at least% one of the party good, for when they landed at' sandridge, nearly three months later on, tack was quite cured of his passion for the amoret. paddy was the only one of the three who had not largely benefited in health by the tour. his head sometimes troubled him considerably, and his pale looks caused jack not a little anxiety. the fact is, those wild and whisky weeks in sydney had been too much for paddy's constitution, weakened as it no doubt had been by the goldtown episode ; and as jack thought the matter over in the enforced sobriety of some of their new zealand camps, he. blamed himself bitterly for not taking better care of his chum.   however, it was no use crying over spilt milk. as for the future, he would look about now lor some safe investment-a share in a station he fancied would be best-and then paddy and he could settle down to country life. vesper approved heartily of the plan, applauded certain retrenchments that jack sketched out, and promised on his part to make enquiries for squatters in want of two young working partners. there was still the bulk of jack's fortune lying snugly in the bank. cheques drawn in new zealand had reduced the sum to his credit by two or three hundred pounds, but now that strict economy was the order of the day, a few pounds weekly sufficed for current expenses, and as jack ticked off the items in his passbook, he felt that in that tiny volume lay the potentiality of future comfort, if not happiness. as for nellie; false, fickle nellie ! he could not yet forget her, as his retention of the carnelian heart above his own mutely but eloquently testified, but he would try, try hard, to forgive her. oh ! nellie ! nellie !   "theatre royal, benefit and positively last appearance in australia of the celebrated american comedienne, miss ida amoret," was the announce- ment that was placarded all over melbourne abou* this time, and jack learnt without a pang that his flame of three months back was about to quit the somewhat ungrateful shores of australia. the benefit duly came off, and jack took ten pounds worth of tickets, but he did not attend in person. he stayed at their st. kilda lodgings, and had a quiet evening with paddy, whose head' was very bad that night.   the next day paddy showed signs of serious illness, and jack promptly called in a doctor, who sent the sufferer to bed. alarmed at this,'jack waited indoors until the doctor called the following morning, when the symptoms of brain fever were undoubted. after consulting the doctor, jack left paddy temporarily in the care of a fellow lodger, and rushed off to town to a wholesale warehouse, where he ordered the latest appliances for the comfort of a fever patient, to be sent out at once. then, after hastily writing a cheque for the amount, he hurried to the exchange, where vesper had a small office. but vesper was not in, and did not indulge in the doubtful luxury of an office boy, so jack scribbled a few lines on a card and dropped it in the letter box. as he left the exchange he met the landlord, or to speak by the card, the husband of the landlady of his old carlton lodging.   " why, mr. curtis, here you are at last," said that individual ; " we couldn't make out what had become of you. there's a letter been lying at our house for you ever so long." giving his new address and telling the man to forward the letter-probably some .forgotten account-on to him at his leisure, jack hastened to the train and was soon again by paddy's bedside, thinking sadly of his similar occupation not so many months back. paddy had a bad night ol it, with a bad day to follow ; and jack, who had not slept a wink for sixty hours, was beginning to get fagged, when the evening post arrived. it brought him two letters, one in the crabbed handwriting of his former landlady, and another. he opened the latter first. it was from the wholesale chemists, and notified him of the dishonour of his cheque for £13 3s. çd., given the day before. "nonsense !" said he to himself, "i suppose in my anxiety i wrote a signature that the bank people very properly won't acknowledge." then he looked more closely at the wording of the letter and noticed that it contained the words "was returned dishonoured, marked n.s.f." that was another thing altogether, n.s.f. with nearly five thousand pounds lying to his credit ! some great mistake. he would enquire into it in the morning, when a nurse imperatively ordered by the doctor was to release him of part of his sad task, with a look at paddy, who was moaning but asleep. jack mechanically opened the second letter. as he recognised nellie's writing on the enclosure the blood rushed from his face, his heart beat wildly, his hands shook. he broke the seal and read. good god ! what was this ? the letter was more than five months old ! was dated, in fact, two days before his guardian's sudden death (it never occurred to jack to look at the post mark), breathed the tenderesi affection; supposed from what he said in his lasl that one or more of her letters had miscarried ; anc then went on to tell him how mr. everett, daring tc presume upon his cousinship, had actually had the audacity to propose, as if her heart was anyone else's but her own dear jack's. so mr. everett hac received his congé, and had returned forthwith to hi¡ flocks and herds.; and so on for eight pages of th< stuff that sweetheart's letters should be, and generali}   are, composed of.   and this letter, this indication of the faith he hac dared to doubt, had been lying waiting for him fo: five months, during which what had he been doing ', he hid his face in his hands as he thought bitterly of that wild mad time in sydney, and vowed tha what expiation he could make should be made. i was lucky that his suffering friend took up most o   his attention during that night, it gave him some- thing else to do besides revile his own follies and despise his meanness in ever having given credit to phil bolton's story.   with the morning came the professional nurse, "neat of dress, calm- eyed, and authoritative. she brought with her a cool, peaceful air into the sick room, from which jack was immediately banished, with orders to eat and sleep. eat and sleep ! very likely ! with nellie's letter stretched before him he wrote, in as few words as possible, such explanation as he could of his silence, winding up with burning words of love and hope. then he had a bath, swallowed a cup of tea, and hastened into town to post his letter at the general post office, in case a steamer might be leaving for tasmania that day. on his way through melbourne streets to the post office he passed his bank. the sight of the building reminded him of the other letter. he went in. business for the day had just commenced, and the neat clerks, who reminded jack so of his own former life, were at their posts. stepping up to the brass plate marked "a to e," he put his query to the ledger-keeper : "a cheque of mine, for about thirteen pounds, was returned yesterday marked cn.s.f.,'how   is that?"   the reply came at once-" because there were   not sufficient funds to meet it."   "then what, pray, is my balance?" asked jack, smilingly, his thoughts far more with nellie than with this stupid blunder of the clerk's.   the ledger-keeper rapidly fluttered the leaves of his ponderous tome and replied : " one penny !"   " nonsense !" cried jack, " there's a mistake some- where. let me see my pass book."   it did not take long to make up his" account. there were only two entries since he last had it. a credit marked, " cash, £46 2s. 3d.," making his balance ^'5000 os. id., and a debit, "acceptance, amoret, ^5000," on the same date-some three   days ago.   altogether mystified, jack looked at the figures again and again. then a thought struck him. " will you let me see the paying in slip for this credit of   £46 2s. 3d." said he.   " certainly," said the obliging ledger-keeper, and disappeared for a couple of minutes to return with the slip, which he handed to jack.   it was signed, " david vesper."   jack began to tremble. a vague dread had   stolen over him.   "oh, by the way," said the prim ledger-keeper, handing him down an envelope, " this was left for   you."   the envelope was addressed, "john curtis, esq., to be delivered when he calls for his ^pass-book." jack tore open the envelope and read, in pencil, on a half-sheet of note-paper :   " dear jack,-knowing from yourself that your account was a trifle short i took the liberty of paying in sufficient to cover your acceptance to miss amoret, due to-day. by the time you receive this ida and i shall be on our wray to america, as the ship sails this afternoon. good-bye, and take this farewell piece of advice. (1) never trust to any- body, however specious ; burglars, like angels, are sometimes entrapped unawares. (2) always make sure when destroying documents that they are the originals. (3) begin afresh on your penny capital. many of the great merchants of modern history   commenced with no more {vide smiles and other passion). ta-ta. yours gratefully, d. v."   it was all plain enough. jack's original suspicions of vesper were correct ; and the amoret and he, in league, had dealt this final blow,   almost as in a dream, jack sought an interview with the manager, and was shown the ^5000 bill. it bore his own signature right enough, though a trifle shaky, and was undoubtedly the document he signed at the amoret's house. it was endorsed " david vesper," and had come through the scoundrel's own bank in the regular course of business. even if jack's bank had had any doubts as to the genuineness of the bill, the payment in of sufficient to meet it would have laid their suspicions   at rest.   so jack was ruined by the crafty villain who had so cunningly worked into his confidence.   jack dare not post the letter he had written to nellie, but even in the midst of all his conflicting emotions, his love for her was uppermost ; so he went to a club, of which vesper-always thoughtful -had lately made him a member, and wrote out a fresh epistle, in which he added to his former statement the truth about the new misfortune that had fallen upon him. this he posted, and returned   to his watch at st. kilda.   but this cup of sorrow, now with but one sweet ingredient left, was not yet' full. eight days later paddy died in his arms, conscious at the last moment, after much delirium, and able, with his panting breath, to bless and bid good- bye to his. " dear old larry."   # * * * » *   nearly every shilling that jack could realise by selling his jewellery and effects-those belonging to paddy he sealed up and directed to the dead man's relatives in ireland, and despatched them by mail steamer with a letter that did honour to the writer -was spent in paying nurse, doctor, chemist, and funeral expenses, and in putting a neat headstone over the grave. then jack sought work. the times were bad, and he failed in getting it. even his few acquaintances-he dreaded the word " friend " now, after his experiences-vowed that they could do nothing for him, and marvelled how he had become so poor. this secret at first he kept closely, but somehow it leaked out. much distorted, it even figured in the papers, but the recital gained for. him rather laughter than sympathy,   commisseration and pity he spurned, for his heart: was hardened. save in one quarter, and from that quarter too he gained no balm to soothe his aching spirit. not a line came from nellie. he was too proud to write to her again. those five months !' those wicked wild five months might have estranged her heart. and yet he. could not have believed it. the mere fact of his own misfortune, his downright poverty, he was sure, with all the intense fervour of his old loyalty, had not sufficed to change her. and then he resolved that he would make his way over to tasmania and see her ; see her once, to tell her with his own lips what he could now never   write.   with this idea in his mind, he went down to the wharf to try and work his passage across. he had not even enough money for a steerage ticket, but, used to boating and yachting in hobart, geelong and sydney, he could at least make himself useful on board a steamer. it was christmastime, and hands were wanted, but not by the tasmanian boats.. so, arguing that a week made but little difference, and that here was a means of earning enough money to cross the straits as a passenger, he shipped on board a sydney steamer for the trip there and back. his rough yachting jacket and wide-a-wake, helped by his big beard and°sturdy manner, stood him in good stead to give him .a sufficiently sailor-like appear- ance, and nobody knew him down at the wharf.   despite the way in which fate had lately treated him,, all his old pluck remained-and hope, yes, hope,.   was with him still.   ******   the good steamer merlin stood out through port phillip heads, with a fresh breeze on her quarter, and just sufficient sea on to send t.ie land lubbers below as soon as the boat was through the " rip." jack was alert and useful, and in his watch below, divested of all shadow of " long-shore gentility," made himself at home amongst the rough sailors, whose talk was full of christmas, and who expected to reach sydney in ample time for the boxing day festivities. it was a relief to jack to enter into conversation with them, and to " swap yarns?." of which he had as good a fund as most young men with a decent memory. then there was a moment's lull, while the throbbing engines had it all their own way, and then somebody started a new topic.   "see the lord. bill?" queried one, "him that come aboard just afore we handed in the warps."   " aye, i see him right enough," replied bill, " and if ya was to asks me my 'pinion of him, i should put it this er way-he's a b-y fool, he is. if i was a gal, which i thank my luck i ain't, i der   j   preferred a pair q{ britches with a man, in'era to that there washed-out beggar, with all his money   and his title."   " sez he to me," chimed in another, " as i was casting-off, ' my good man,' sez he, and with that i damned him and his good man, and come forrard."   evidently, from this conversation, which extended to even more uncomplimentary limits, the british aristocrat, to whom these jolly tars referred, was not a brilliant specimen of humanity.   but jack heard little more from his bunk, for he was tired and sleepy. he dreamed that night that he was with nellie, his dear nellie of old, and that there was a scent of orange blossoms and a sound of wedding bells in the air, from which he awoke to a reality of bilge-water and the call of " watch on   deck !"   the breeze had freshened to half-a-gale, but the merlin rather liked this than otherwise, as she tore through the water at seventeen knots an hour. it sufficed, however, to keep the passengers below until the evening, when a few of them ventured on   deck.   just' as night was closing in, jack, who was aft on some trifling duty, saw a group emerge from the   saloon door, a few yards from him, consisting of two ladies and two gentlemen ; of the former, one being young and the other middle-aged; while of the latter, one was stout and burly, and the second, so far as could be seen from his large checked ulster, a rather puny under-sized man. as he went forward jack passed close by the group. the face of the. younger lady, dressed in a hat with a light feather and a grey mantle, was turned towards   him. it was nellie !   as he hurried forward, in obedience to a per- emptory call, jack's feelings were of the kind best described as "tumultuous." nellie here, aboard this boat ! that, then, might be the reason he had not heard from her. she had been in melbourne and perhaps had tried to find him, a difficult thing, seeing how he had left no address at his late lodgings, and had shunned the main streets of late, getting' his nights' lodging at the cheapest places. and she was probably on her way to spend christmas with sydney friends. so much the better, when the steamer reached sydney, and he was allowed on shore, he would have his longed-for interview. but.not now. not in the midst of her fashionable friends-not in his present unkempt, untidy state.   the wind had fallen somewhat, but the sea was still high, the coast-line distinctl}* visible through thc falling night, and a lighthouse shining like a   star not far ahead. a few hours more and the merlin would be snugly lying at her sydney berth.   crash-h-h ! a horrible grinding, crushing noise, a wild cry of men and women, a rush of escaping steam, and the merlin, with the waves dashing over her, was low and amongst the rocks, at the foot of the lighthouse and the point !   then an awful moment, in which all forward motion ceased, and a fierce upheaval took its place. a wrench, a sound of splintering timbers, shriek after shriek from terrified humans, and the steamer had parted amidships, sundering crew from passen- gers by a gulf of inky billows !   thrown to the deck with the concussion, jack regained his feet, to find the portion of the wreck cut off from that whereon he had lately seen nellie. he crawled as far as he could until the waves   blinded him, then he peered into the gloom. he could see the cabin lights in the after part of the wreck, and could hear voices, that was all. then there came cries on shore, and moving lights, and he crawled back to find that the bow of the vessel was within a few feet of the land. a half-hour of   waiting and shouting on both sides, and after many unsuccessful attempts, the lighthouse people sue   ceeded in getting a line on board, to which the sailors fastened a stronger rope, and so at last there was communication with the shore, whereof all hands quickly availed themselves-all hands save jack. he would save nellie, or die in the attempt.   calling out to those on shore he made them understand that he intended to try and com- municate with those in the after part of the steamer. he begged them to send him an axe. one was soon slung off to him. then he made his way on his hands and knees down the slippery incline until he reached the still standing foremast. here he hacked and hewed at rigging and at wood, until the mast gave way and fell, as the inclination of the declt directed it, towards the other portion of the wreck. to his intense joy he saw that the mast lodged well on the other side of the chasm. helped by the still clinging rigging, he clambered across, and avas soon amidst the terrified group. alas ! only some half-a-dozen who were clinging to the side of the bulwarks, for the after part had swung round and was broadside on. at a glance he saw that nellie was there. without a word he seized her, half-fainting, to his arms, and bore her, as though with a charmed life, back across the slippery bridge, where none dare follow him. he dragged her light form up the incline forward, and to the thick rope at the bows, and so, through surf   and spray, to the shore, a magnified repetition of the scene of another christmas-tide, years back, and then he thought his work was over, and looked, by the glare of surrounding lanterns, into the sweet grey eyes for his reward.   she did not recognise him. half-dazed, her one cry was, " my husband ! save my husband ! "   her husband ! the words pierced him like a dagger. " her husband !" he gasped aloud, and looked round in a stupified yet enquiring sort of way. the voice of one of his messmates answered the question. " her husband ! aye, the lord chap,   him in the check ulster.   that voice of the old sailor was to jack the voice of fate. her husband ! well, be it so. this was the last drop of the cup. false, doubly false as she was to him ; blind even as to his presence now, he would risk his life to save her husband, as he would have risked his life to save her dog.   back through the swirling surge, back down the slippery slope, back across the inky gulf, and seizing the puny lordling like a child, he dragged him, god only knows how, through night and death to her embrace. but even as he did so, a huge wave, bearing on its crest a heavy balk of loosened timber   from the wreck, crashed on the hero's brow, and rescued and rescuer fell at nellie's feet. a circle of lantern bearers closed around them. the light re- vealed a terrible wound on the fair young brow, beneath the clustering brown curls. the blue eyes opened once, one feeble hand sought and revealed a carnelian heart, lying on that other heart that gave its last throb for her. a faint voice whispered " nellie !" in her ear as she bent, and all was over. she recognised him now !*   " so you struck the man because he called you a liar?" said the magistrate. "yes, sir." "from which i am to infer you were not a liar?" " oh, no, i was a liar, and am yet. if i had not been a liar i should have paid no attention to the fellow's remarks. truth is so scarce that when i hear, it i can't keep down my enthusiasm."   in the ms. of the dramatised .form of "never   too late to mend" the late charles reade penned a marginal note to one passage : " if the audience fails to weep here the passage has not been properly   acted."   *aiïthok's notk.-i ha^e called the foregoing a story of " woman's devotion." so it is-modern style, viz., devotion to her own interests.   g.w.        2885		missing: a christmas story   chapter i love and hate.   , missing.   a christmas story« 'i   ' ' ; (by " jenny wben.")   (see illustration on page 22.)   chapter i.-love and hate.   «« olive, you will wait for me to-mor row ?" said robs heighway tenderly as he bent over her slight figure and pressed a fond kiss upon her upturned face.   i "i will wait for you as long as you ; like," laughingly replied the girl ; "but i can't answer for the dinner. the demands : of christmas are imperative, you know, ! and you must be in time for dinner."   i "that's all right; i'll be here by 12   ; o'clock sharp," replied boss, leaping into his saddle and riding swiftly away.   " how handsome, how noble, how true," thought olive, as she watched him out of sight, " my boss is a king among men." then she turned away, a happy light shin ing in her dark eyes, and a smile apon her rosy lips, thinking of the morrow, and all . the happiness it would bring her with its i christmas joy. j   for to-morrow was to be olive's wedding dar, and boss was now on his way to town to buy the ring.   dp there in the quiet settlement olive had not met with many lovers, or seen mich of tbe world and its mingled joys and sorrows ; but she knew she had won a gem of rare value, when boss heighway held her hand in his, and told her of his great love. olive clare was an orphan, her parents had both died when she was a child, and the step-bister, in whose charge she was left, had displayed   but little sympathy or tenderness towards the delicate, sensitive child, who had caused her so little trouble, yet had always been considered as dreadfully in the way.   miss clare could never understand what   people found to admire in that little gipsy,   and as she stood on the verandah that   morning and witnessed the tender, part ing of the lovers, her heart was torn with a hitter agony of jealous rage that olive would greatly have wondered at if she could have known. the thought that tortured her continually was the idea of olive becoming the wife .of the man whom she, janet clare, had esteemed above all others, and to whom she had given all the   love of wbioh her proud, selfish nature was capable.   she had deeply resented her father's second marriage, even then, at the eurly age of 14, having manifested a most jealous desire to preserve the love of her father, whom she really regarded with sincere affection, entirely for herself alone. that he should marry little honor selwyn, and transfer his affections to her and her baby girl, seemed to be a very thorn in the flesh to janet clare, and now when honor was removed from her path, consumption having   hurried her to au   early grave, oliv«   remained to cross   her daily life with her mother's smile, and win the love of the only man on earth for whom she would have 'surren dered her freedom.   so janet hated   olive for her beauty,   for her winsome ness, ah i for her very goodness of heart and purity of nature, that were a daily reproaoh to her own evil-tor tured spirit..   when olive en tered the house, after parting with boss, she was met in the passage hy janet, who ex claimed angrily, " i   don't know whether you expect me to attend to every thing, while you spend your time in idle dreaming t there's the goose and the fowls to   pick, and the deco rations to finish ; i deolare i'm sick to death of such   foolery. you might   consider other   people's feelings a little, if you have no regard for your own," she added spitefully, glancing at the dainty little slippers that cer tainly were not proof from the heavy evening dew.   but olive had not stayed to. think of that ; for were they not boss's pretty birthday gift to her,   and for that reason   doubly valuable.   ** i'm sorry if you are tired, janet," re plied olive, quietly, for she had grown accustomed to harsh words. " i'll do the goose now, and you can rest awhile. i shall have time to finish the greenery early in the morn ing."   " yes ; you shall have time," said janet to herself aa olive ran away blithely, for no hard words had   jpower to chill her loving heart, and the frowns of the whole world were as nothing com pared with one   emile from the mau   ?who loved her. quickly and deftly her fingers performed, their task, and soon the plump featherless fowls lay on the pantry shelf ready for the oven. as olive stood at the kit chen window in the fading light of that christmas eve, she saw janet standing hy the fence, in close conversa tion with some natives. there was   nothing unusual about .this, yet somehow a oold shiver passed through the young girl's frame as she thought of the cruelties lately perpetrated by the maoris in the back settlements, and of the time when ross heighway had first crossed th« threshold of hurst farm-weak, wounded,   missing.   (contin ukj>.)   and having narrowly escaped a cruel death from the hands of a furious native, who had mistaken him for a spy.   those were troublous timea, when travelling, especially through lonely bush, was not the most desirable, but ross had been hastily sent for to attend his father's deathbed, and had preferred the short track to the .more circuitous high road.   then he had b'een kindly tended by janet clare, and soon recovering from his wound, had gratefully pressed her hand .,at parting, and promised to attend the fol lowing season.   ah ! he little thought how precious those parting words were to his devoted nurse, or how she watched for his coming, .even as marianna, for if he came not, then * 'twas better bhe were dead.   no thought of love like this ever entered robb's mind, though he did not fail to remember his promise, or to bring with him a handsome present for his kind, hospitable nurse, janet clare. then for the first time he saw olive, she having .been away at school during the time of his   illness. he saw her, the swe^it child of nature, with a heart as free ' and true as the sweet wild rose ; and he loved her for her beauty, her simple grace, her purity of love. days,, weeks passed, while ross still lingered in the vicinity of hurst farm, and when at last the golden autumn tints were resting over the lovely land scape, he had told his gipsy queen the story of his love, and won her for bia promised wife, she was bo young, people said, but she loved him as only a noble pure-souled woman can, and gave him her perfect faith. then janet clare's soul was wrung with an agony of hopeless passion, and she hated her young sister with a cruel, jealous hatred that would not reason, would not paube to consider her blamelessness through it all the one wild thought of her soul was that olive's fresh, young beauty had atolen from her the man she loved, the'one whose life was so dear to her that she would freely have given her own to save it, but could not bear to see another's joy.   he asked her, her wh o loved him bo, to help his suit, to wish him god-speed, and take care of his darling till he should return at christmas to make her his wife. with   white, set lips she bade .him farewell, his presence bearing away all the light; all the hope from ber life. then she turned iher face away, and wept bitter, passionate   tears for her lost love.   *f here she would often wander in the silent hours of evening." : ? (see christmas story. " missing," on page 19.)       chapter ii strategy and dismay.   chapter ii.-strategy and. dismay.   "olive," said janet, as the two were . seated at the table shortly afterwards, " is   your dress quite finished, and everything1 ,, ready for to-morrow ?"   " yes, janet. i have so simple a cos tume that it was soon completed," replied the young girl, remembering ross's ad miring glance as he declared that his little queen needed nu ornament save her wealth of raven curls and her bright smile.   janet's eyes seemed to snap unplea santly, as she answered somewhat testily, "and, pray, what more could you expect ? jdxê. you wish to be robed in silk on your anarriage day ?"   " no, i did not, janet ; and i care not now simply i am dressed, for hoes loves rn«, not the finery i wear."   this was a home thrust, an.d janet bridled at it, for she knew her own charms con sisted only in a very freckled complexion and a pair of cold, grey eyes, whose reat   less movements seemed to indicate a . troubled soul within. and there rested in   the depth* of olive'« dark orbs to-night such a light of sweet trust and calm security that added fuel to the fire of janet's burning eenpe of jealous hatred and hitter envy.   " well, then, if all's done, i suppose wu had botter retire j there's no need of stay ing up lat*» ; for we »hall be tired enough lo-inorfow," .said janet, as calmly as pos sible, though there was a cruel glitter in her eyes as she spoke. " i propose that we ? each take a glass of wine and a biscuit by way of christmas cheer, and then go to   bed."   suiting the action to the word she placed en the table a little tray containing a plate of confections and two wine glasses, which she quickly filled from the decanter on the sideboard, and proceeded to nibble   a biscuit.   " drink your wine, child," said janet, jwem-jàtlj, bm olive did not raise her glase ;   " it will help you to sleep, and . pleasant dreams ; one is apt to get too excited on   occasions like this."   bid she lay strange emphasis npon those words, " pleasant dreams," or was it only a weird fancy that caused olive to regard her wonderingly, as she replied, " you are very kind, janet, but i don't think i shall sleep much to- night."   however, to please her, olive drained the small glass, and almost immediately experienced a strange numbness, and dis posal to bleep, which she attributed to the strength of the home-made peach wine, and with a pleasant " good night," retired to, rest.   no so, janet, however, for no sooner was she assured, by the sound of olive's heavy regular breathing, that the drug she had.   administered had taken effect than she   crept softly out of the house and hung a lantern from the verandah, as if to attract rome expectant visitant.   then, hastily gathering up the dainty   bridal dress and a few more of olive's   things, she crammed them into a handbag   and oarried them outside. no one was   about ; tha girl who assisted them in the house had gone to rest, and the men were away at the christmas revels in the next township.   presently a low sound was heard, and two native women approached the   house.   janet met them on the threshold with, her finger on her lip, and motioned them   to follow her.   gently approaching the bed, they took off the large upper quilt, and spreading it on the floor, lifted olive's slender figure carefully and wrapped her in its ample   folds. the native women carried her out   so easily she never stirred or spoke, and soon she was placed in a cart that waited in the road and was driven swiftly away.   then a strange thing happened. janet returned to the house, and hastily waking the servant girl, cried out " that the house was on fire, and miss olive wan missing."   there were cries of alarm, and footsteps hurrying to and fro ; a lurid glare lit up the midnight sky, and before the men returned or the neighbors could give much assist ance hurst farm bouse was a smouldering heap of ruins.   a woman, wild and weird-looking, in hei floating garments and dishevelled hair gazed on the smoking ruins of her father'f home, and muttered strangely, " there will be no wedding to-day." where is hit gipsy queen ? and what will he sai when he comes to keep christmas with hit   bride ?"   . * . * .   when olive awoke from the deep sleep into whioh the opiate had cast her, she found herself strangely situated.   around the glowing embers .of a wood fire a group of natives squatted, con tentedly smoking or sleeping.   now and then a few words would be spoken by one who seemed to be their chief : and two women would eagerly gesticulate as they replied to his interro gations concerning the-fire at hurst faraij or the pakeha's bride.   olive listened attentively, and by hex small knowledge of the native language learned the startling fact that her home was burned to the ground, and she herself a kidnapped prisoner. when one of the women approached the mat on which olive lay, the girl waa apparently sleeping ; but her heart heat violently, and her face was as pale as death.. she lay quite still, lis tening to tho details of th^ fire, and thus became aware that the natives were afraid   of being inculpated seriously in the affair, though they repeatedly assured their chief that they had not the least knowledge of it until looking back from a turn of th« road they saw tho llames of the burning homestead. however, it was deemed ad visable to leave the district as swiftly and secretly as possible ; so as soou as practi cable they stole out of the cave where the rorero had been held, and prepared theil canoes for departure. th« women again lift«d olive-whobe eyes were still closed -and bore her away to the river, when they placed her in the largest canoe, in which their chief was already seated. then in the silent moonlight they softly paddled away to a distant settlement.   . . . * . *   christmas morning. not a cloud in thc sky-not a thought of sorrow in his heart, as ross hastily rose to prepare for his re turn to hurst farm. his gipsy queen! peerless and proud, sweet and loving. sc boom she would be bia very own, to reigr   ia ids heart and home fox ever. no mon   should she meet with harsh words, or cold looks; his love should protect her, and .his life, be one long service of devoted affeotion. hobs heighway, in his new suit of clothes, was certainly a handsome fellow, and the noble animal that received his caress as he fastened a white rosette   on its bridle seemed quite proud of its master, as. it cantered away towards the home of the bride-elect. twenty miles were already accomplished, and ross's heart began to beat high as he drew near to his journey's end.   but what is it that causes him to halt in   dismay, and stare with wondering gaze straight ahead?   a body of men . are marching in martial order, and a number of women and children are being taken in a waggon to the re   doubt.   " there has been foul play, sir," says a lad, to whom boas turns for information. " hurst farm house has been burnt down by the natives, and miss olive, she ain't no where to be found 1" boss nearly falls from his horse as he realises the truth of   these awful tidings, for there, in the dis tance, he eau see the bare, blackened timbers, still smoking amid the ruins.   without a ' word he joins the cavalcade, and places himself beside the waggon. yes, there is janet clare and the servant girl. boss sees them, but his white lips refuse to speak.   " where is his darling p is she alive, or has her pure spirit taken its flight to a   fairer realm where the clouds of sorrow never shadow love's beautiful dream." this   he is not destined to know for many a long day.   all their searching fails to discover any remains among the ruins ; and no one can afford any information concerning olive, except one person, and she calmly smiles upon the anguish of the bereaved lover, and holds her peace.   let him suffer. has not her heart been   torn with sharp pangs of disappointment, and her life darkened with the shadow of unrequited, love?. .why should he be happy? janet clare, you-are building up a sorry fortune for y ourself. your building will by-and-bye totter, and falling bury you beneath' the ruins, of a wasted life.       chapter iii the words of motu.   chapter iii.-the words of motu.   there is scarcely a lovelier spot in new zealand than the shores of the waikato biver ; and at the time of our story, when as yet the.native beauty of the place was undisturbed by the hand of civilisation, it   was as secluded as . it was beautiful. not   a ripple on the water, a cloudless morning;, and ¡a perfect scene of beauty surrounded the . occupants of the canoes as they slowly paddled down the stream. olive, weak and terrified, lay still in the   bottom of the cano« at the feet of the   chief, who had carefully covered her with his own handsome mat. they had paddled in silence for some hours, when at length one inquired " what was to be done with the girl ?" she would be a hindrance to them in their journey. should they risk suspicion by keeping her with them, or should they--f she made a significant movement towards the river as she spoke, and olive realised that this woman desired her destruction. the favorite wife of the chief, doubtless she feared lwst olivet charms might win her lord's affection from her, and, therefore, wished to remove her from his path.   there was silence for awhile ; then the chief replied, in grave and measured   tones   " my children, the day is an evil one for our tribe in which you have taken away the pakeha's bride.   " she 'whoso jealous hatred did this thing   has said that we fired tho house and   carried away the girl. listen to my   words i   " the pakeha came, to the fair land of your fathers, and spoke words of kindness   to th« maori.   " the missionary told of a god who loved all his children, of a christ who carun to bless and save from sin, and of à good spirit   that should rule the hearts of men to love   one another, and live in peace. then the maori listened ; and when the pakeha wanted land for his churches, he gave it freely. but, soon the traders came, and brought rum, blankets, tobacco, and other things to barter for our land. the evil spirit did more work than the good, for the rum made the maori do unwiße things, even to sell the land for that which was evil.   "then arose bitter strife among our tribes,. and sorrow followed. the mis   i nonary spoke of love, but tho traders   j taught the natives to deceive, to drink, to use firearms, to do many, evil things. after that hot wordb were spoken, and soon the pakeha sent soldiers to fight for the land. now where is the peace of god's   children ?   " the maori peeks revenge, the pakeha defrauds, deceives, kills, and destroys our .villages. listen now if we keep the pakeha's bride he will send soldiers to hunt us, and burn our pah. so w« will put rewi, rumera, and water into the canoe, and send her away to find the pakeha's dwell ing. this is my word to you all."   accordingly when the canoe touched the shore, some natives brought food and water, which was given to> olive, together with the chief's best mat, and then she was sent adrift upon the, waters.   away down the river floated the solitary canoe, until it reached the wide firth of thames, still on toward the broader waters of the hauraki gulf.   olive \sat up, and tried to realise her position.   sb« had no oar-no paddle.   she partook sparingly of food, then lay down again and slept a<* calmly beneath the midnight sky as if she were aware of the presence of some guardian angel who would guide her. frail bark to a bafe haven   of rest.       chapter iv almost won.   chapter iv.-almost won.   meanwhile rosa lay tossing on his bed, in the delirium of brain fever, carefully tended by janet, who never left his side, but wrestled with grim death for the life of the man she loved. at length he passed the crisis and began slowly to recoup his shattered strength.   ' how changed from the happy, handsome bridegroom expectant of christmas morn ing. pale and emaciated, nerveless and weak, he sat up among his pillows, trying to think what he should do with his lite   -how he should live through the years until he should go to his love, his peerless olive. so strong.was his conviction that she had been carried away and foully murdered by the natives that janet felt assured he would never suspeot the truth, or dream that his lost love was still living, loving, and suffering for his sake. months passed. ross was about again, going to and fro, superintending the re-building of hurst farm house, and trying to submit   now to the inevitable. he knew now that   janet clare loved him with such a depth of passionate devotion that her very life was enwrapped in his ; so one evening, as she sat softly reading to him, he , had told her the truth   that he could never love again as he had ' loved olive ; but because of her great kind ness, and his sincere gratitude, he would try to make her happy if she' would be his wife. %   ah i what triumph lurked in. those cold grey eyes as janet laid her hand in his, and sealed the compact with one little word. after all this weary time of wait ing, planning, deceiving, and suffering, he   is hers at last. she has overcome all ob stacles-almost won the goal. how .sweet the assurance that he appreciates her love, even- if he cannot as yet fully return it. for if woman's .utmost endeavors and ardent devotion can win return, janet has persuaded herself that ross heighway shall even yet be won, heart and boui, to love her, more than ever he loved his gipsy queen.   -' . * * .. * * . *   in the cold world all alone, barren alike of love and labor's recompense, a woman grown, from out the simple beauty of her girlhood's perfect trüst. olive found her self standing in the calm moonlight of another christmas eve, trying to look fate in the face, wrestling with hör own soul's passionate nature, alone with god. a year had passed since far away in new zealand's lovely isle bhe had listened to those words of love that still eohoed from out the shadowy past like a dream of heaven. since the day when she had been floated in her solitary canoe out into the wide expanse of the watery waste, and been ultimately rescued by a sydney-bound vessel, taken thither, and kindly nursed through brain fever by the " sisters " to whose care she had been consigned by the captain. since then, through a long period of forgetfulness and subsequent painful awakenings, there had moaned through her soul the requiem of a lost love, a few weeks since she had been dismissed as " cured " from the sisters' hospitable care, andrecommendedaa companion to a lady residing a« hirknnhead,   ' ivs   missing.   " * (continued;)   : near the rustic park frenting the entrance   to the parramatta river. here she would often wander in the silent hours of even   ing, listening to the breaking of the little waves upon the rocks beneath her. to-night a thin, »wey mist rose from the water, the waves making a soft, passionate moaning, as though they wero vainly striving to   bear down the barriers time had erected between them and the small waves that   washed the other side of the peninsula.'   so it seemed to the soul of the woman   standing on the heights above, looking tl own at the waves, and across through the mist to the other side of the water. :   ? the wind blew in short fierce puffs   .round the cliffs on which she stood. her shawl tightly clasped by one shapely hand, .partially concealed her figure, but her face seemed cut in marbia against the misty background; the tall trees, .whose gaunt branches stretched out appealing arms to nature for fertility, looking weird and phantom like in the dim moonlight.   that face once seen could never be for   gotten in its piteous anguish-its awful calm.   not a «miver qf the heavy eyelids, not a movement of the graceful head ; only a fixed gaze into the waves beneath, the light of passionate despair in those large, strangely-lustrous «yes. the moments passed, the clock in th*» distant tower struck the hour of 12, and still olive waited beneath the midnight sky, whose distant stars seemed like the pitying eyes of god's angels looking in yearning sym pathy upon the suffering saul. slowly the .hours passed, till christmas morning dawned, sweet and radiant with a thousand glowing tint* and odors, fair and cloudless as only an australian morning can be.   joyously the bells rang out their wel come to tho prince of peace, reminding the weary and' sorrow stricken of the rather's promise of goodwill to men. the beautiful harbor lay wrapped in summer glow.' .busily the little steamers plied between the various pleasure resorts, as the golden hours stole on and glad hearts reßjmcaded to the greeting of christmas joy.   bing on sweet bells, till human hearts catah the sweet vibration of your echoing peal, and unite in the glad mission of love that links humanity around the feet of god.   bat one stood apart.   following the strange impulse of her heart olive took the first ferry boat that loft the httle wharf, and went into sydney \--aimless, spiritless, hushed in spirit-as one in the presence of a great sorrow.   dimly hovered the memory of that dreadful night in her mind, and over her life there brooded the shadow of a great wrong, that seemed to shut out even the light of god's love from its troubled depths.   the lady with whom she had lived could not understand the strange, dreamy ' melancholy that oppressed, her-though   even she, of the world, worldly, could not fail to see a story, sad and true, in- those dark eyes, with their far away look of   borrow. .   there was no fellowship between these two bonis, and when olive simply ex pressed her desire to leave her service she only callad har ungrateful, reproaching her for want of appreciation of the comforts   ai a h«mse.   bo olive had wandered forth friendless   and homeless, feeling heartsick with a loneliness only known to those who have loved and lost. for olive firmly believed thu report that had reached her in the maori pah, that ross heighway had been   slain in th« encounter with natives that occurred on the christmas day following ' the destruction of hurst farm.   the feeling of utter friendliness that had held her troubled spirit through the long night watch in the park forced itself pxto calmness in the light of the christ child's natal day, and within the stately cathedral olive knelt among the worship pers, silently lifting ber soul's deep prayer   to the god of heaven.   her spirit like unto a weaned child, stilled its bobbing, and grew strong to bear its loss.   a. cup of tea at a neighboring cafe refreshed her ; then strolling out in the direction of the gardens she communed ' with her own thoughts as to how she was   to procure a livehhood, homeless and eriemllisby in the great city«   s   ./nature's charms lay all around her; truly the world was .very beautiful that christmas day, olive thought,as she noted the happy faces of groups of merry chil dren playing on the grassy sward, the tender glow in many a pair of eyes as they caught each other's glances among the   flowers.   yes, the world seemed full of love and beauty; but she was lonely, so lonely, and again her, soul cried out for god as one who in the silence of a great sorrow craves the benediction of the angels.       chapter v my jewel.   chapter v.-my jewel.   the sunbeams danced merrily upon the waters of the harbor, and the white sails of the pretty pleasure yachts, as olive sat in the gardens, thinking of the shadowy past. she saw them all through misty tearb ; she heard the merry voices of the children as one in a dream ; and it was not until a gentle hand rested lightly on   her shoulder that she turned to answer the   kind inquiry that had been made two or three times by a sweet-faced woman who had taken a seat near her. " are you in trouble, dear p gan i help you p"   on» look into that gentle face, and olive felt she was face to face with a true gentle woman, who would befriend her if possible. " i do not wish to intrude upon your sorrow, dear; but you seemed so lonely, and one hardly likes lo think of anyone being really unhappy at christmas time."   " you are very, very kind to care," said olive ; " i did not think it mattered to anyone ; but i am alone in the world-i have not a single friend." *   " really, that is sad for one so young," exclaimed the lady ; " but you must not say so now, for 1 feel strangely impressed concerning you, and if you will accompany i me home we will have a cup of tea, you.   shall tell me your case, and i will see what can be done." ;   rising from her seat she drew olive's arm within her own, and led her toa little pony carriage waiting near ; then they drove away toward woollahra, the resi dence of mrs. alstood-which olive soon learned was the name of her new friend a pretty cottage, surrounded by gardens, where lovely flowers shed their perfume on the evening air, and every surrounding gave evidenco of the taste and culture of a refined mind, with low windows stand ing invitingly open, where rich clustering roses twined their way round verandah pillars and pretty lattice work. here mrs. alstood bade olive rest awhile in the secluded quietude of her pretty home, while she arranged for their evening re past.   " why does she trust me, a stranger ?" was olive's first thought as she lay quite still among the cushions, drinking in the sweetness of her surroundings. " why did she come to me, with love in her eyes, and bring me home here ?"   rest, dear heart. the father could not leave his little wayworn child to wander thus alone. she was sent by his angels to help and befriend you. so, be still now and take this christmas gift from thy father's hand-a true and loving friend.   a pictured face on the wall. attracted olive's attention-a sweet, sad face; with a story in its perfect outlines-at which she was earnestly looking when mrs. als tood entered, announcing cheerily that "tea was ready, and she would like to introduce her to her brother." " ah l" she said, " you are looking at * my jewel ;' is she not sweet? you shall see her soon. she will want you to sit for her, i'm   sure." '   scarcely understanding what her hostess meant, olive, refreshed and rested, took the offered hand, and was led into a pleasant dining-room, redolent with the soft breath of flowers, where a young man sat at a piano softly, playing.some christmas carol.. '.* edgar, this is the young lady i told you of, our guest for the present. miss clare my brother."   he rose from the instrument as they entered, and extended his hand in cordial welcome to his sister's guest ; and olive saw a face like a study, with large soft eyes, full of poetry, tender mouth and well cut features, brow upon which rested the unmistakable stamp of genius, well poised head, set nobly on his shapely figure ; a man whom men could trust, and   women love.   " we are only a small family. miss clare," baid mrs. alstood, " my brother, jewel, and i ; we do . not entertain much company, except a few of jewel's artist friends now and then; yon will find ns very quiet, for sinos my husband's death i have   preferred to remain secluded, and[ our studies.constitute all the world to us.*'   at that moment there entered a   young girl softly clad in grey with white scarf thrown lightly round her shoulders, to whom mrs. alstood extended both hands, exclaiming, " ohl jewel, dar ling, are you back so soon. i am bo glad* allow me to introduce you to miss clare j a hew acquaintance of mine, who.is to be our guest to-night."   the beautiful face beamed with soft light as she came forward to greet olive, and a tender cadence, made itself felt in the voice as she said, " you are very wel come, dear, to share our happy christmas."   did this spiritual-looking girl discern the4 truth in olive's dark, lustrous eyes, as the quick tears welled up ere she could reply, for this was the first christmas greeting the lonely heart of sorrow had received that day, and it fell like healing balm from an angel's hand.   their pleasant meal ended, jewel led the way to her studio, where some very fine works were collected, and many of her own pictures were hung, some remain ing still unfinished upon their easels.   " here is my little world," she said ; " and dear elsie alwaya tries to bring me beautiful studies from life and nature ; while edgar, dear boy, plays softly to me from within, wooing for me some new, sweet inspiration for pencil or ohisel, as the mood may be."   " how beautiful," exclaimed olive, standing before a. little rbit of italian scenery, "you have not finished this yet."   " no ; i am waiting for a face, a model for my italian girl, and" she'continued, twning quickly to olive, " i believe i have föünd one, if you will kindly sit for me."   " nothing would give me more plea sure," replied olive, " but you do not know me yet; you are-all so trustful, 'so fresh from god's hand,' as someone \ has said ;' i   am quite a stranger." *   " so elsie tells me ; but who , ever wins her interest ' and regard is no longer a stranger at « eastwold.' my sister is gifted with such ' keen discern-, ment that she seldom. errs . in her choice of a companion, and \i feel that she has chosen you, dear, and we shall be very happy if you can make yourself content in our quiet home."   " content j" to olive's tired spirit this was an atmosphere of sweetest calm, a restful peace seemed. to envelope these three lives, one chord of' harmony bèemed to vibrate through these three souls. yes, here she would be more than content,' almost happy.   . " come, now, we will have some music," said jewel, leading the way to the dining room. " edgar will sing to us some christ   mas music that will tell of * peace on earth, good will to men.' "   and then they gathered round the piano, while edgar and jewel sang-sang till olive laid her tired head on mrs. alstood's shoulder, and wept soft .tears of healing, quietly understood by the heart who had   also known sorrow.   then, in the quiet, soft twilight, olive told them her story, and nhey, feeling the presence of a noble soul, ckasped her hands and bade her rest beneath 'their roof, until   tidings could be gained of 'boss-her boss, the love of her bright younjr girlhood, the knight of one christmas morning.   * days, weeks, months folio wed each other in quick; succession, and 'still 01iy,e re mained an inmate of that'happy home, where art reigned as queen. she sat for jewel's pictures,\she assisted .mrs. .alstood in her duties, she of time "o%¿, ? *d music for edgar ; prepared dresses for her hostess in her different characters, for since her husband's death the young widow had thrown her soul into art studies, and be come almost a queen of tragedy.   but few knew her, except as the much admired elise ; but those who were privi leged to enter her private life, found., the friendship of a true and noble .woman.   so olive's life grew full of iv ve's sweet   duty, and though the sense of ap rr ow was   still there, her soul grew casra, almost peaceful among its new surroundings.       chapter vi after many days.   chapter vi.-apteb many days.   thus passed two quiet y«ears, and. again it was christmas morning, "the white roses twining the rustic porch shed their soft radiance on the dewy air, the sunbeams danced among the trailing vines, and pre sently the christmas chimes were heard ringing forth in musical harmonies their message of peace.   olive sat in the pretty j fernery, where   the subdued »light and graceful foliage seemed to convey~a restful sweetness that in itself ,yeriñed the father's promise of love to the wear j soul; thinking, as she eyer must, on christmas morning, of her heart's lost love, of vanished dreams, the me mory of which was now butas distaritmusic stealing over misty waters; her- head bowed upon her hands,1' she heard not an approaching footstep, knew not 'of a presence there among the bending'fernp.   her thoughts'had' flo wn to the home of beauty, where the 'fern* trees spread 1 their graceful' fronds in 'luxuriant loveliness amid the wild grandeur of mountain pass' and deep gully, where'"'the"rippling waters sparkle over their pebbly beds, and nature's« choicest" treasures 'bloom untouched by mortal hand, in the 'silence and mystical beauty of those 'unfrequented haunts of the bird of maori legend arid poet lore.   lost in hallowed * memories, olive knew not that tender eyes were watching her, that' a manly heart. waited to lay all its treasure of love at her feet,   to embrace her sorrow-tinted life in the warm colors of a mighty love. not until a hand touched hers, and a voice, tremu lous, yet deep in ils tone of tender plead ing, said softly- '''j   "olive, i have come "ito offer you my christmas gift, may i hope that' you will accept it ?" ' " :;   " oh, edgar i " she exclaimed, conscious that his words conveyed, a deeper mean ing, catching as she lifted her face the eager, intense yearning of thobè7 soft eyes, so like jewels, in whose depths lay . such a wealth'ot'tenderness. :.   "olive," he; said, holding now the hand he had /\ taken, " you - must know that i love you, t darling ; t you   cannot have been . blind \ to the ' fact that since you came under this roof two years ago my soul has grown to yours, that you have become my ideal of womanly excellence and beauty. oh 1 do not say you cannot love me ; i know your sorrow, lt is a sacred theme, i respect it, honor you for your fealty to your first love. 1 do not expect to fill his place in your soul ; but if the devotion of a soul,'if tjie worship of a life, can win your love i affer to you now, this christmas morning, here in the ¿weet stillness of christmas peace, the ' love of a true heart; all my life's ' best thoughts are yours, inspired by your presence, the result of your influence. therefore, take my life, dearest, and make of it what you will. i yield it to your sweet control, queen of my> soul's , deep   love; the only woman wlose nature has called forth my heart's true warship."   i olive'b eyes filled with tears, as unable   to stay the torrent of his pent up feelings, he at last poured forth his poet soul to the woman whom alone his heart found worthy of revering love. for a moment there was silence, deep, tender silence ; during which each heart sent up its silent prayer for help-for guidance, for strength td do, or bear, the, right-whatever that might be. edgar's fair ~ head was bowed over the hand he held, yet never yet had even venture i to kiss; his breast heaved with suppressed feeling, his clasp grew firmer, yet trembled as he waited there amid the slanting,sunbeams of that christmas morning for hid   answer.   out from the drawing-room windows floated the soft melody of the' christmas hymn ; in the sweet tones of jewel's voice seemed to linger love's tender message, and olive found it hard, very hard, to speak the word that should dispel the beauty of the glad hope she knew was growing stronger during every moment's waiting in the soul of edgar.   " what can i say ? what can i do ?" cried olive, as the beautiful strains ceased, and it seemed as though' the sweetness of melody lingered lovingly in each heart. " oh, edgar, why must i always bring pain to those i love ; why must my pre   sence cause sorrow to hearts so true and   tender?"' /'' \'/7 / '   " fain ! sorrow 1" exclaimed edgar, with passionate fondness. '' olive, your pre sence brings comfort, strength,' peace, happiness. if you" will only bless my life with your sweet presence, it, will, give me power to do life's work more nobly, to accomplish, not simply dream, to be more worthy your love. oh, my darling 1"   deep sobs shook his manly frame as he knelt at her feet, und the sunbeams touched lightly the lofty brow crowned with clus tering curls of ruddy ,gold. ohl how   hard it was to cause him sorrow.   " edi j-ar," she said, and her. voiee trembled in ita eagerness to save hin*.   missing.   (continued.)   buffering, " do not speak thus. o ! i never thought jon loved me more than as a sister, or, happy as i have been .here, 1 would have fled from the roof that sheltered you, and lost myself out there in the cold, hard world, sooner than have caused you-? oh!" and in her deep feeling for him she placed her hand lightly on his bowed head as if in silent prayer. " how wicked of me ; what have i done p pained the kind hearts who have given me such comfort. oh ! edgar, you knew my story, you knew i had no heart to give you, that all my love wab buried long ago, only to be found again in the land beyond the shadows, where there are no oruel partings, no heart yearnings ; but that you should suffer you, so pure in heart, so full of tenderness   . to all living things. ! ara indeed torry tba you should have love<   me thus."   ha lifted his hea( now, his face previ white to the lips, h ii brow shadowed as witt a tint of grey thal artists *love, his eyef eloquent with liquid . love, as he answered " dear heart, to know you was to love you. i am alone to blame, because you told us all the story of your love, and bared to us your heart's deep sorrow ; but i thought, i dreamed, i hoped, my love could comfort you, could perhaps in time even heal the wound caused by your loss. oh ! olive, why this hopeless sorrow p you have all a noble woman's life work be fore you, and i would say with mrs. brown ing» so reverently, darling   sise, woman, ripe   to thy peculiar and blest   altitude   .of doing good, and of   enduring ill;   of comforting for ill, and   teaching good;   and reconciling all that   ill and good   unto the patience of a   constant hope.   thy love   shall chant its own beati   tudes   after its own life working. ob, darling i the world cannot afford to lose such a life as yours. let me try to help you build it up again, and , from the ashes of the   past let a new struc ture be built upon the present hope that shall be the home of a future lova. t nm »inf.   an idle dreamer, only, darling ; believe me, with you by my side, i could fulfil the noble purpose of a life. come to me, darling! darling, come, do not turn away and leave me ; let me try to soothe your sorrow with my great love, while your soft influence shall tend to make me more worthy, oh, darling!"   his voice died away with that word like a soft refrain, and olive was but woman after all. she could not bear to see him suffer thus ; he, so noble, so pure, so gifted. she could not love him, she felt the barrenness of her heart towards him ; but she sor rowed for him, and as her heart's silent prayer ascended to heaven for help, for guidance in this hour. jewel's voice stole out again upon the christmas air, so laden   with love and blessing- j   . all for thy bweet sake, beloved of men ;   thine, who art pure and holy, ¡ thinking, perchance, in thy paradise 1   when thou wert a mortal lowly. merrily, merrily rock and swing   bolls in a thousand steeples ;   all the love nf the good christ ring   loud in the ears of the peoples.   was it for his sake she could do this p gould she lay aside her sorrow for his sake to make another's life btrong, perhaps nobler, more full of blessed result p was it the voice of heaven oafling her to .tared dutjf   the silent pleading of that white face, the patient yearning look in those eyes of love, could she turn away from them, and let the grey shadow that rested on the noble brow descend over the face agi ow with such longing, tender hope, and settle   there? .   " the father knows all my soul, edgar," she baid, laying her hands in his as he waited for his answer. " you know my heart, and this also, that no other (save the memory) holds a dearer place in my heart. if i can help you, if i can comfort you. there-i am not my own. i have prayed h daven to accept my life's sacrifice, and if this is the way the father leads, edgar, i will be your wife."   like a ray of heaven's sunlight was the rapt look of joy that o'erspread his face as he clasped the trembling girl to his heart, and kissed the quivering lips from which had fallen words of blessing; but ere he had found words to express his deep   joy, olive had fainted. white and still she lay in his arms, the rich red rose upon her bosom breathing forth the magnetic in fluence of a love so pure, so spiritual, that   it could sacrifice itself at the call of   heaven ; crushed, even by sorrow, could still diffuse its tender fragrance to blesb   other lives.   thus jewel found them when she came to summon them to dinner, and her beautiful face told its own story of sympathy as ehe bathed olive's brow, and held her hand so tenderly, till presently, the large dark eyes opened wonderingly upon the two ; then, consciousness return ing, she hid her face in her little sister's bosom, feeling sure that that loving spirit would welcome her to a still closer relation   ship. edgar imprinted one long fond kiss upon the whito brow of the woman he had won, then left her in his sister's keeping. i with a firm, btrong step, he turned   away, for christmas joy had indeed dawned upon his soul with the promise of a great hope. henceforth he lived with one thought ringing like those christmas chimes in the depths of his soul, " to be worthy of such love."   and all the words jewel could find in her heart's deep gladness were-" oh 1 olive, darling, i have prayed for this. oh 1 i am bo happy, for edgar's sake ; he loves yon ao dearly, * god ia good i' "   " yea, jewel, darling, * god is good !' " olive said, returning her fond caress ;   while from behind her chair another voice responded to the thought, as mrs. alstood, entering while all had been so absorbed in their own feelings, had taken in at a glance the meaning of edgar's happiness, echoed, " yes, god is good i"   *there was stillness, as in the divine presence, for a few moments j then they looked into each other's face, and under stood how the christ child hath still power   to heal and to bless.       chapter vii peace at last.   chapter vii.-peace, at last.   jewel seemed inspired with some beauti ful thought after this ; for days she was shut in her studio, scarce taking time for refreshment while the light lasted. olive had said that in six months' time she   would be edgar's bride, and a quiet happi ness settled over the family at eastwold. no tidings ever came from new zealand,   though, many 'letters had .been sent to hurst farm. olive thought ross was dead, janet perhaps married, the old home deserted, herself forgotten ; while all this lime one true heart hungered for love,   j striving bravely to fulfil earth life's duty,   yet ever looking wistfully through toe   shadows towards the time when he should   once more meet his gipsy queen, never nore to be severed by cruel fate.   in janet he found a loyal, loving wife, devoted to his interests, but utterly devoid of sympathy with his thoughts, his pur suits. hurst farm prospered under her thrifty surveillance, and people thought young hoss heighway had made a wise choice in his wife. they knew not the i aching void in his life- the deep silent ' pain hidden in his heart, with the sacred memory of his lost darling.   we need scarcely say that olive's letters arriving at hurst farm were secretly re ceived, covertly read, and quickly destroyed by the watchful janet.   she would not for worldb have the man   she loved disturbed by such tidings. she knew instinctively that his heart was not yet wholly h otb, and would spare no pains in striving to win its love. when her in f ant daughter was laid in his arms it was not without a twinge of the old bitterness that she heard him call the child ** olive," for this name- so hateful   to her, so tenderly cherished by him-would always stand between them. she held her peace, wisely, biding her time, yet grieved that her child had not been a son. and ross clung to the little one with such tenderness, twin ing all the untold wealth of his love around the tiny life that unfolded beneath his influence day by day, clinging to him with infantile fondness that tended greatly to supply the yearning of his heart. so passed the years, and the sterner duties of manhood pressed hard upon his life, as the chosen representative of the people, as the advocate of labor, temperance, and religious philosophy. the active supporter of all philanthropic enterprise within his reach, he aspired to higher manhood, and to do his duty bravely, making his life worthy   of. the love of heaven.   a cold, contracted while out-'on an errand of kindness one wintry \ night, settled on his lungs, and for months he   seemed ute one be   tween two worlds, all his old weaknesss re turning to him ; he grew wasted day by day, los$ his wonted energy, his grasp of duty, until at last the doctor advised com plete change of climate as his only' hope of perfect recovery.   janet's face blanohed at the mention of   sydney. some strange presentiment of com ing ill hung like a dark forboding over her spirit, yet, as upon this seemingly hung her husband's recovery, and he seemed inspired   with new life at the   prospect of the change, she applied her ener gies to the arrange ment of all business matters, and prepared for a speedy departure.   so when the autumn   days began to wane, and the first cold breath of winter threatened to renew his trouble, boas heighway bade fare well for ever to the beautiful shores of new zealand, to seek a home in warmer climes.   so it was that among the passengers per s.s. taranaki, mrs. alstood's eyes rested upon the names of ross heighway, esq., wife and child. a sudden   thought of olive and   what this might mean to her caused her to   turn pale with appre hension ; then a hope that among the multi tude they might never   meet-that the se cluded life of eastwold   ?would shelter her from the knowledge of this living sorrow. her brow grew anxious, nevertheless, as the prepara tions for the wedding proceeded, and edgar's plans were fully unfolded. he had purchased a lovely 'home at coogee, where jewel and mrs. alstood were fre quently engaged in deep consultation with him, devising various furnishing arrange ments and decorations, for he would pre pare a suitable resting-place for his weary dove, while she would hear thither the olive branch of peace.   brightly dawned the morning of olive's wedding day ; cloth of gold roses were gathered for her bridal, boft robes of ten der grey were trimmed with filmy lace for her wearing, while orange blossoms from their own gardens were woven for her   brow.   edgar sat playing softly to himself a soft symphony of love. jewel and mrs. alstood were giving the final orders con cerning the breakfast. the carriages were waiting to convey them to the church ; and olive, robed for her bridal, knelt in the silence of her chamber to receive the bless ing of heaven upon her new life.   jewel, softly tapping, asked "may i come in, dear ?" received no answer, entered noiselessly, and saw the robed figure kneeling in silent prayer.   she waited a moment, whejh olive, with   i   missing«   (continued.)   faoe illumined, tobo, and advancing to meet her, said softly, " i am quite ready, dear." then they went into the drawing-room together, where other guests waited their coming. and soon they stood together before the altar in' the little church, and angels witnessed the consecration of a life to its sense of self-sacrifice and highëst good. edgar held the dear hand he had   won as a sacred trust from heaven's love, and together they passed out to a new life, over the flower-strewn path of the church porch into the sunlit world, where love's sweet labor should be crowned with holy results to the faithful soul.   * * *   again it is christ mas morning. edgar's wife sits among the flowers listening to the happy chimes. the beautiful home at coogee is decked with christmas blossom ; for jewel, beautiful jewel, is going to be married to-day, and from her brother's home she will pass, lean ing on the arm of the noble man who has chosen the soul   of genius for hie   bride.   mrs. alstood hae   given up eastwoldj and will for the future reside at coogee with olive, who needs her ten   der bare and sisterly solicitude. jewel comes and nestles at olive's feet in   her own loving way. and edgar passing stops to bend ovei his "little sister" and kiss' her ten   derly j for he hardly knew how precious   she had been to him   till called upon tc give her to another's keeping.   " may you be ac happy as heaves has made me, dar ling," he says, look in g fondly upon hie wife, whose eyet are full of tears, foi jewel is very deal to her, especially since her marriage. for they have spent so many happj hours together in her beautiful home.   a fow hours latej they all stand in the pretty drawing room, and one comee to claim hib jewel taking her from hej brother's hand as s holy gift from heaven, to be set ic brilliant setting oj hallowed love, and deck t he home where the sweet angels of heaven's inspiration will   xove to come, bring   ing benedictions sweet and tender to the   soul of love.   the guests had all departed, the bridal party gone by the evening train to ade laide for their honeymoon. mrs. al stood sat quietly thinking of her little sister, praying v silently in her heart for her happiness. the house seemed so still, and edgar paced the moonlit garden with olive, talking of jewel, and how ith ey should miss her bright presence, when a buggy was swiftly driven up to the house, and a man, springing out, knocked imperatively at the door.   inquiring for olive, he was met by mrs. alstood, who soon saw that no ordinary errand had brought him thither. " tell me, air, if there is bad news for my brother's wife, because her health is deli cate, and a shock might piove serious to   her."   " well, madame," he replied, " i'm afraid 'tis not very good news for 'her ; it seems that the gentleman who lies ill, very ill, at my house is married to her sister, and there's some trouble on mb mind, that he desires above all things to see her before   he leaves this world."   i "is he so seriously illp" asked mrs. al stood in alarm. " is it necessary that mrs. vincent should see him to-night ?"   " yes, madame," was the reply. " i would not answer for delay; it seems that he cannot live many hours, and he calls for her continually. he did not know she was living until to-day."   there was no alternative hut to tell   edgar, and let him break the news gently to his wife, so that they might accompany the messenger.   when olive heard the truth she turned white to the lips, but never hesitated,   never once trembled, but placing ber band on her husband's arm, said, calmly, " edgar, i must go to him."   " yes, my darling, and i will accompany you to the house, you may need me."   so without a word, with white set lips, and sad calm eyeb bhe entered the vehicle, and was swiftly driven through the city   towards'the distant suburb of balmain.   the house reached at last, they were shown upstairs to the sick man's chamber.   there upon his pillows lay boss heigh way, crushed, almost paralysed through an accident to an omnibus in which he was   riding. only a few hours between him and the next world, and janet felt that in these hours she had less hold of his love than ever before. ' only that day he had learned the truth, by seeming chance, at the oxford club, that the wife of edgar vincent, the gifted musician, was no other than olive clare, his gipsy queen of long ago. returning, he had met with the ac cident, and with his last remaining strength demanded of hib wife a confession of the [ whole.   i janet, seeing hie condition, dare not i trifle with him; hut in the look of utter   loathing -with whioh ha turned from her caressing hand she received her deathblow. bitter indeed was her punishment, to be spurned in this hour by the man she had worshipped, for love of whom she had sinned so deeply.   " bring olive to me, let me see her, hear her voice once more," was the moan of the slowly dying man, as paralysis olaimed his helpless limbs, and crept slowly   towards his brain.   so they had sent for her, and now she stood in the presence of the love of her youth, silently waiting his recognition. *   a little child lie» . in a cot by his side, the little olive whom he loves so .dearly, whose in fant hands have led him heavenward, all unconsciously, as children do, in the innocent.beauty of their p'ure mi . nistry.   " when will she come p" he mur mured, "when will my olive come to say good-byë p"   " she is here, boss, poor love, she has come," says a gentle voice, as a soft, trembling hand clasps his own so tenderly, and a   woman's silent tear of sympathy falls   on his brow.   " olive, my own queen i my only luve ; is. it really true that ' you live p t h ey to id me you   bad been murdered. ohl love, do we meet thus p"   his strength failed him ;* but his eyes were fixed on the race he. loved, bis hand retained its arm clasp.   " boss," she said, " we shall meet above, and you will be happy ; i wrote to you so often, but no answer came. i   thought you had died that dreadful night, oh, boss, poor darling, i have   suffered su much for you, but we shall meet again.'.' with a great effort shs calmed her feelings and strove to give him comfort. she bent over him and   placed one long, fond kiss upon that placid brow--such a* kiss an angel might give to suffer ing mortal. he smiled, his voice grew very feeble, but he spoke clearly as he turned his.   eyes to ward the sleeping child: " little olive, for your sake," be said, and his lost ,. love understood all he would have her know, how he had cherished her memory and named his ohild for her   sake.   once more he * spoke.   ?« t an «t." via raid.   " come here, and hear me say i forgive you before i go."   pale and trembling, the wretched woman came at his call, despairing love in her eyes-a look that drew tears of pity from olive's soul toward her unhappy sister.   "janet," olive said, taking her hand, "in the presence of my dying love i for give you this bitter wrong, as i know he wishes it, and as i hope to be forgiven." then she placed his wife's hand in that of ross, and said softly-" ross, poor love, for your sweet child's sake, tell her yon   forgive."   " tea, yee," he murmured," i do, i do,   t missing. í   . t. (contindkd.) ¿ *   lally, v i god bless and pardon my poor wife, who sinned through lore of me,";   then silence fell, a hallowed hush that stole through the room like an angel's presence ; and as the midnight hour chimed from the distant towen the weary soul of boss heigh way passed away from this troubled sphere, and in the light of a- hap pier life he would realise the beauty of it he angel's message, " peace on earth, goodwill   to men."   she took the white roses from her breast and laid them on his. heart : she leaned over once more and kissed with trembling lips that cold brow j. then,, exhausted nature could bear no more, and her husband caught her ere-she fell, btill;and white as her. lost- love, with his strong, protecting   arms. . . .   he hore her from'the room, from the house, back to her own beautiful'home, where poor mrs. alstood waited in anxious \- suspense ; but hours elapsed ere bhe again   opened her.eyes to meet his own.   atlast, aa the soft grey light of morning entered the room, she unclosed' her eyes, saw her husband, opened her arma to greet, him as to a new life, while only he, bending so close to her, in that hallowed moment, caught the words, ff. god is good, my.husband; peace has come.v   yes, peace has come. for how she knew his sorrow was healed. she could be still, and rest in the great love of ?'? the husband heaven had given her, and forgive* the one who,had caused the bitter pain.   poorjanetl she did not long outlive her husband. "with his life went out all love from her life,. and she gradually bank into a decline, which eventually left her child motherless. one request, written in a feeble woman's hand, was held sacred by olive,.and she took robb's little child to her heart and home to be the companion of   the noble little fellow who climbed on   edgar's knee to kiss the pretty pictured face of him who was1 once a little child, even the christ, whose tender presence comes to every boui who responds in ten der- obédience to the divine will, and strives tobring about the happy issue of peace on earth, goodwill to men.        13797		how i pawned my opals   chapter i in hamilington   how i pawned my opals.   [by h. derwent.]   chapter i.   in hamlington.   a few years ago there was not a railway station within a hundred mlles of hamllngton. but we had a daily mail from melbourne, which was delivered at 7 p.m, when the coach arrived at the fixed time. in winter, however, this was very seldom, and the safety-valve which was thus afforded for the ill-temper and uncharitableness of the township was invaluable. "'what i want to know is, how much longer are we to put up with this sort of infamy!" captain goring would say, with an incipient tinge of purple in the tip of hie nose. it was rather a prominent organ, and was always the first to show any emotion in the old captain's faoe. that he rarely got letters from anyone beyond the confines of hamlington, and that his correspondence was chiefly confined to missives which had a neat slit at each end, and " invoice only," printed on them, did not in the least allay the old gentleman's wrath. the "shameful irregularity" of the mall was a kind of red rag, which he kept by him for chronic nee, and waved vigorously when the monotony of life at hamlington threatened to derange his liver. for no doubt hamiington was monotonous, though those of us who were bred in its atmosphere of quiet and leisure were not much affected by the want of excitement. we had croquet and evening parties in abundance, and twice a year we launched into the extravagance of subscription balls, after which two certain events happened. the rev. nicodemus pash delivered what his admirers calied an "earnest and stirring discourse" on the evils of dissipation, in whioh "ashes and cinders," and " apples of sodom," and many other striking metaphors figured largely if not very coherently, for the rev. nicodemus was a man with a large gift of fluency which was repressed by no consclousness of limited knowledge or neccesslty of logical sequence. he prided himself upon being low church, and particularly insisted on the certainty of damnation for the large majority of his fellow-beings. but on the other hand he was much given to dwelling on the joys of paradise,   and used to draw most florid pictures of the   felicity of eternal reunion with our " beloved ones." as the rev. nicodemus was married to his third wife, it was a moot question with bess and myself how he would manage about reunion. we had a very vivid mental vision of nicodemus with the three mesdames pash in a circle round him. the other event was that mrs. squareup emphatically declared to each of her friends in confidence, that she really did not think she could allow emmeline and jane to go to the subscription bails any more. too much champagne was drunk, and the young men— "now, didn't you notice yourself, my dear, some   excitement in their manner before the ball broke up?" mrs. squareup would say in a tone of tha deepest concern, as if fearful that   emmeline at thirty-six and jane at thirty-eight   might discover how black was the world from which she protected their dewy innocence. and then amateur concerts were by no means rare, at which our music-master herr bohn used to play severely classical music for an unbelieving and unregenerate audience seeking novelty and fire- works, and where mrs. warbler, after presslng solicitation, sang" why do summer roses fade?" in a pale-blue silk dress, with what is technically termed a v, and a surprising train, "so unbecoming to her, you know, a woman of her   age," mrs. ashgrove would invariably remark. but this was such a constant phrase with the   latter that no one attached much meaning to it on her lips, except, perhaps, her husband, who understood it to mean" a young and far prettier woman" mrs. warbler really dressed well, while mrs. ashgrove, with three sandy- haired, freckled daughters, was always making frantic efforts at once to lead the fashions and make their dresses at home. " ah, yes, my dears, they are pretty dresses in a way; but to my mind the melbourne dressmakers always gives a frlvolous effect to the skirts," he would say, when bess and myself returned from a visit to the metropolis. but next time we saw mrs. ashgrove and her daughters ten to one lf she had not clothed them in disguised copies of our melbourne dresses, "with all the frivolity in the skirts and the good taste left on, " bess declared. mrs ashgrove was not the most favourable specimen of hamllngton society; but as her husband, dr. ashgrove, was in partnership with onr father, we were in a manner   obliged to see more of her than we wished. this partnership had been entered into three   yean previously on account of our father's delicate health. it was this delicacy of constitution —weak lungs—which had in the spring of 187—decided father to take a trip to england "and the contlnent," as we have learned to say, with a kind of vague grandeur. we were all to go, that is all of us who were at home, besides our parents, to wit, bess and myself. the eldest of us, mabel, was married to a doctor, settled in queensland, and james, an only brother, was making his way as a squatter on a small scale in the same colony.   we were within a week of leaving hamlington, when father lost a large sum of money he   had invested in ballarat mining shares. the day after this news reached us something occurred that put an end to all prospect of travel and sight-seeing as far as i was concerned.   i left my mother in the dining-room with her accounts, and went out to bess in the garden, where i had left her half an hour previously. in that interval she had been joined by dlck fitzgibbon. parentheses are hateful, but i must explain that dlck had come to the national bank in hamlington five months previously, that he was the son of an old collage friend of father's, and had been in consequence a constant visitor at our home since his arrival in the place. he was a merry good-looking young man of twenty-two, bess was a girl of twenty one with a ready wit and lovely brown eyes. dick had nothing but a miserable salary of £90 a year; of course they fell in love, and of course the approaching departure brought matters to   a crisis. dick had "spoken" to bess five days ago, and bess though she was reckless enough to admit that she re turned the young irishman's passion, was not quite- hardened enough to add to her father's troubles by allowing dick to speak to her parents. they were standing beneath the moreton bay fig-tree — the pride of our garden—when i seme out, with a look of ineffable "spooniness" on both their faces.' needless to say that they tried to look as grave and abstracted as if they had been discussing conic sections. as bessie was my senior by a year it was only fitting she should set me an example of   unimpeachable decorousness.   "weil, nell," she said, with a surprising assumption of not being caught, "have you been reading murray and making the sign of the cross   over ancient cathedrals."   "nothing of the sort, i am not going at ail,'   " not going at ail!" echoed bess and dick simultaneously.   "oh, but what a shame, nell," continued my sister.   "no, its my own fault," i replied drearily. " oh dear, what a dreadful thing it is to be such an idiot ai i am. five minutes ago i suddenly volunteered to stay, and now i'm in suoh a state of despair i can't even cry."   " but how came you to make such a melancholy offer, nell ?" asked dlok.   "well,' mother sat there adding up columns of flgures, and looking so worried and horribly meek and long-suffering, as if she felt acutely how criminal it is to hare two expensive girls to take abroad, but couldd not really help it. i thought of offering to go as a stowaway, but the thought of the aldermanic rats,with a paunoh, ' wie dr. luther,' that infest the holds of ships damped my spirits; then i felt sorry she had not sent us to a baby farm in our infancy. i could not get a gleam of satisfaction out of our existence from any point of view."   " oh, you raging heathen," said dick folding bessie's hand in his long brown fingers.   " now don't you interrupt, dick," returned bess gravely. " well, nell - i understand—you were rather low-spirited all day; and i notice it is always when one is most depressed that ohe le apt to rush unthinkingly into the vortex of virtue. but go on."   "at last mother laid down her pencii, and gave a great sigh that turned the scales. 'mother, i said,"will it make much difference it i stay.' 'oh, my dear, you would not like to do that !" said the mother with a sudden light in her face, 'yes' i said qnite brazenly. 'i can pay my long promised visit to the harrowbys, and then go to see mabel. i shall be quite happy." here dick threw up his hands with an expression of tragic horror at my mendacity."   "and what did mother say then?" asked bess. "she thanked me in a broken voice and folded me in her arms, and then the last linger ing hope died out of my heart. you know when one contemplates a stupendous piece of   self-sacrifice a mean little expectation remains that at the very last something will interpose to save one—like the cloud that hid sphigenia from the sacrificing priests."   "i didn't think the loss of a thousand pounds would have reduced us to such abject poverty" said bess reflectively, " perhaps i ought to offer to stay as well?" '   "oh, no that little cough you luckily get   occasionally will save you," i returned, half indignant at the robustness of my own constitu tion which obstinately refused to betray the slightest symptom of delicacy in any direotlon.   " weil, now, nell, it's really frlghtfully good of you to give up your trip like this," said dick in a tone of mournful sympathy. "and will you really like staying with the harrowbys ?"   "oh yes; the only drawbacks are that hester and louise are ferociously learned, that john harrowby and nell hardly notice each   other of late, while this professor is   simply oblivious of the existence of anything more youthful than a sanskrit verb. he is a professor of the dead languages, and has an abstracted dried-up look as if he lived on greek and latin roots; aid mrs. harrowby (she is mother's first cousin, you know), considers that the whole of us are brought up on wrong principles," sald bess,answering for me.   " faith, you wouldn't be so plump, my pigeon, if you weren't brought up on something more nourishing than prlnclples," returned dick, langhing.   "well, bess, lt'a hardly fair of you to sum up the family like that," i put, in. "certainly, john and i are not such fast frlends as we used to be; he has had too much to take up his atten tion, what between his work as a rising lawyer and his engagement, and breaking it off.*   "that is such an odd affair you must know," said bess, addressing dick. "john harrowby two years ago got engaged to a miss vandome—an heiress -with thlrty or forty thousand pounds of her very own. she is rather good-looking, but with such a very strong dash of vulgarity. john is extremely fastidious, and you couldn't see them together without being conscious that she was constantly irritating him in one direction or another. they had been engaged for six months when quite suddenly it was broken off, and no one ever knew who took the initiative. miss vandome went with an aunt for a trip to the old world. she returned six months ago, and now she and john are quite good friends again, and what will be the end of it no one knows, except perhaps mrs. harrowby, in whose eyes thirty or forty thousand pounds   ls an ample atonement for all kinds of deficiencies."   "louise—that's the one i saw here when i came first to hamlington, i think—is a very nice girl, only you always felt that you stood upon a vast abyss of ignorance into which you might at any moment plunge headlong, when you were talking to her."   "oh, but you know, dick, its the proper thing for glrls now to be up in the sciences and the old religions and the modem languages and mathematics. i feel quite ashamed when i think how nell and myself idled away our time over the old poets and writers, and a little french and german. sometimes we made up our minds to attack euclid, and so we used to begin a preparatory course of arithmetic, but oh dear, we are so shamefully backward in sums. there it one about so much money to be divided among men, women, and children."   "bedad.i wish there was a little more of it floating about . but, my angel, what would become of a poor ignorant spalpeen like me if you were perched upon the topmost bough of the tree of knowledge? i'll never forget the shame and confusion that fell on me once talking to a sweet glrl graduate a few weeks before i left home. she was my brother's slster-in- law more by token, and i felt no diffidence in trotting off on the1 broken-kneed old conversational hacks—the weather and the shooting. in fact, i had just launched out in the history of one at my father's old parishioners, when she brought me up short with some quest about the archaeological society. a party of them had been prowling about our district looking after some 'remains' or another. did you ever hear of such a term? i get a kind of clammy feeling at the very mention of it. well, in a few minutes miss gray was soaring miles above me. yes girls, dear, it was exactly as if she was at at an immense altitude overhead; now and then some such term as 'cosmlc emity' and 'protoplasm' came booming down on me, and i just sat there with my mouth, agape, vowing cartloads of the largest tapers to all the saints in the calendar if only they would deliver me. yon know how in what the novelists call a supreme crisis one involuntarily goes back to the old faith. weil, there i sat, and never a saint took pity on me, and at last i became dimly conscious that miss gray asked   me a direct question, ending in microcosm. mlcrocosm? i grew hot and i grew cold, while a wild whirl of thoughts passed through mybrain. was it a new tribe of savages discovered by herbert spencer? a modern sort of wall-paper? or stay, was it not a kind of blscult? ah, thank goodness, i had it at last. miss gray had taken pity on my darkness and at last breached a subject on which i could make a rational remark. ' yes they are very nice,' i responded cheerfully. "what is very nice?" retorted miss gray with a look of profound amazement. 'microcosms" i faltered out, and then a horrible suspicion flitted through my brain that there might be no real connection between maccaroons and microcosm. ah, but that was a mal puart   d'heure."   there was an irresistible drollery about dick's method of telling a story, a raciness in his brogue that always provoked laughter of   itself.   "weil, it seems to me we shall all be very dull after the jolly times and the fun we have had; the father and mother are always so wrapped up in each other, i shall feel little like a third party in a honeymoon trip," said bees, rather drearily.   "faith, we'll have no third party when our honeymoon comes," said dick, looking unutterable things.   " dick, don't you think you had better speak to father before he leaves," i said, prosaically breaking in on this rapturous prospeot.   "ah, my dear girl, that's what i want to do badly, but bess shrinks from the thought of it, while your father has so much on his mind ; if i could only get that rise of £15 or £20 a year i should pluck up courage at once."   "well, how an additional £15 a year could appease the anger of an indignant parent, i am at a loss to understand," i answered a little crossly.   "ah, but it does nell," answered dick, earnestly. "i have wrltten heaps of letters, and its always when i come to that part i get stuck. and how often have i, in thought, and with bess, 'rehearsed the scene till both our hearts beat. i would come outwardly resolved to speak to the doctor, but inwardly hoping he was away. just as i came in at the gate here, however, there would be a light in the surgery. as soon as i asked for your father, and flnd my self shown in, there every scrap of my native eloquence would desert me. nothing of the english language would remain in my memory, save the most brutal idioms and proverbs which attest to the grasping saxon's adoration of wealth. it would be with difficulty that i   could say 'how do you do ?' instead of 'when want comes in at the door, love flies out at the window.' then your father would notice an unusual pallor on my manly countenance, give me one of his rapid professional glances, and say --   "'well, fitz, has the muscular christianity of the period been too much for you, knocked yourself out of gear with cricket, eh ?'   "'well, no sir, but the fact of the matter ls— i— my heart.'   "'pooh, your heart—what about it?' your father would say, taking up hls stethoscope.   "'what can minister to a mind diseased?" i would gasp.   "'tush, boy, it's nothing more than a slight derangement of the digestive organs, a couple of liver pills.'   "'oh ! not liver, pills, sir, but miss bessie,' i would at last stammer out, and then the doctor would plunge his hands deep into his trousers pockets and smile that half ironical   little smile that fathers keep in stock for such occasions*. 'so that's the way the land lies, is it? and what do you think miss bess herself will say?"   " 'oh, sir, we adore each other—we have loved from the first moment we met' .   ""indeed! well, fitzgibbon, you're the son of my oldest and dearest friend; personally i have no objection to you as a prospective son- in-law—but what is your income? how do you propose to support a family ?. what prospects have you ?"   "'my great aunt has a tidy little property worth five hundred a year.; she has quarrelled with all her relatives except myself. never haying seen eaoh other we are the best of friends,' '   "' yes, yes, but in the meantime—now ?'   "' now, sir, i have a sage-green tea-cosy, with is sunflower on it—bought at a church bazaar, and £90 a year;' and then, glrls.would come that awful glance of your father's, under which i would feel myself slowly dwindling into nothlngness—my last recollection of this sinful world being that strange enlargement cut off some unfortunate man's tibia, that your father keeps in spirits on one of his shelves. now, girls, i put it to you—what man could stand such an ordeal as that? but, bess, if you'll allow me, i'll speak to your father this very evening.'   everyone knows how obstinate a girl can be. bess had taken it into her head that dick's proposal on his very slender income would be the last straw in the culmination of troubles that now worried our father.   nothing of the kind, dick," she said, promptly getting up from the rustic spindle-   legged bench, on which we had been sitting under our favourite flg-tree. "some day when we are on the voyage," she said, picking a leaf to bits with her pretty filbert-nailed fingers,   "when the sun is shining, and the waves are   dancing, and father has recovered some of his old spirits, and is rejoicing at tne prospect of   soon seeing grandma once more—then i'll tell   him all about it, and i'll forthwith write a letter to you both, that will make you weep for joy—at least dick will—as for neil, she's an awfully hard thing at times —no sentiment can melt her."       chapter ii an unexpected meeting   ohapxkr n.   am mmwhcimd momtpto.   i had been joet four weeke in town, when to my amazement one afternoon i saddenlymet 1 dick fitzgibbon in elizabeth-* twet., i had   . been writing letter* all , the forenoon to my . parent* and steele, and as. the mail tna to oloie at £ i went oat at d to put them." hester . and. loniie were constantly at apmeclass or attending one of a course of university ieptores, *o that i had freqnently .togo oatalone. hot . -that i minded—whatgiri bred in the bosh does ?   .but mr*. harrowby bid at: first made a point of . mynotgolngthrough thettreets uusoopmpanied.   bo on a few occasions blanche mand.the under . boomtpafd, decked in oa.mach finery a* she . oculd possibly smuggle on her per*on, had gone \ cut with me, and bestowed moetzflable bows on 'direr* postmen, bakers, and policemen, who . had returned the salutation with beqign grins,   : and in some instanoesoometo a dead pause—no idonbtwith the objeot of giving " blanche hand" an opportunity of introducing them to lur/kctuf- it was too absnrd—and of ooorsein sihart time 2 dispensed with aucha grotesque imitation of proteetion. it w*e the day after   • oup day—that great toumanhop festival at j ? which dran bwift'* aatire is literally realized in i melbourne—when the horse is the proud msater \- of the sitnation, when.he.reeeive* the homage of   ftverisb thousands, and ia paramount injm many hearts, load on to many lip*. the street* of   course were much more crowded than ordinarily, and the contrast between them and the leisurely semi-deserted thoroughfares of \- hamlington gave me a keen enjoyment of the \- spectacle. at the post-offioe there wasa perfect   cram, so that it was a matter of time to get my letter* posted. after accomplishing this feat i . tamed homeward, amusing myself with specu   lating about the divers types of faces i met. • there mi a hawk-eyed jew whose semitio nose   would of itself bsve traced his lineage straight back to abraham; his quick dark eyes seemed \- to search in the multitude round him for the   gentile* who were so ready to beoome the debtors of his race; jostling on his heel* cams ? the well-dressed, somewhat reoklees looking   yoang zqulttcr, who habitually haunts town when raom are on, and who as habitually oomes downs ."cropper" before he return to bis pastoral possession* in the heart of the placid solemn woods; beside him goes harrying on a   ; thick-lipped, heavy-jawed man with a flushed ;   faoe and an evil look in his eyes—a man who has long fed on the huki that the swine did eat; on the opposite side is a wan-looking girl in a shabby dress, carrying a portfolio of musio. i recognise in her one of the yoluntary martyrs . who advertise .to give musio lessons for one   guinea a quarter; the is. harrying on to the ' dwelling of some small -shopkeeper or artisan,   whose daughters are taught to draw vfllanous treee and impossible bridges, to play inferior marie on a had piano, and to consider them . selves entitled to be styled " ladies" in conse . queues of these superlative accomplishments; . and here is a happy tamily from the country of   three sons andfonr daughters, youthfnl oopies ! of their treble-chinned riannts, who hive that   look of doll content which is characteristic ot i j>«opie whose mental oat- look is immovably   tationsry—blooked up for all their lives by an   all-sufficing answer to the question—whatpfiau we eat, andwhat shall we drink.indwhere withal •hell we be clothed.? . and in oontrsst to this numrrotu badly comes s tolitarjlookiug young nun with a painfully depressed aspect-. be u distinctly gentlemanlike, andjjwre.isimmetbing in hisqeit.and-the cakof his garments, {tad. jjbe freshnctsof his complexion, which mwfcs.him bj a dew arrival. : has he spent ah his money ob the passage out, and already focnd thatfo?a p unties* man who eannot dig and is ashamed to beg the jstrqggle for existence in this large over-populated city of; the" .underworld ? is as dire as intbepld country ? and who la this with.the white iace, nod the dowooast loch? another: young man witha most unhappy oonntensnce! it .will serve to show;the.absolute change in dick's face when ! say that for ope brief instant i did not know him. . as for blip, he did not notice me ;i doubt if he really .saw anything? that was round him. , a sickening feeling of apprehension;—a dread of some evil inihed through my mind. be would have passed me in the crowd .but i hurried .up to him andtouched his arm. he.turned ronnd with a qutakstait. . .   * ob, nellie," he said,.and. bis voloe was as much changed as the expression of his faoe. . it was hard and metallic, with all the jovial care less musio of yonth and high spirits gone out   of ik .   ** dick, you are surely ul," i said, lookiog into his face anxiously.   •no, that is i*m apt very well," he answered slowly. ...he .turned at>d walked .up qcllins-s treet with me, and i waitedforhimto ?peak, tp tell .me, what: ailed him. .$at he   volunteered no explanation ; he absolutely, began .   to say something abont.the weather.:   , "oh, dick what do i care lor the weather ? tell ne about yourself. when did you oome to town? whydidn't y on findmeout?"   : "i only came the day before yesterday," he answered, "and—the fact is, nell, i've got into a horrible scrape, and there's no use intelling yon abont it, poor dear; it will only make yon   fret"   . " but, diok. ril (ret all the more^if ypn don't tell me. the look of y onr face la aa bad at any thing yon oan toll me. bare yon—resigned your place in the bank ?*   "no; trereceived my promotion at last,.and hare been sent into town. tec, just fancy how jolly we would have been only for this.. well, of oonrsr, i most tell yon now, nell.. i arrived in town, as i told yon, on the sid, the very even ing before onp day. on qneen'e wharf, just aa i .landed, who ahonld i meet but harry quia.   he was a shipmate of mine, and we were both, very glad to meet again. he eame. out to a .bachelor,, ancle, a rioh.old squatter m.':the juverina district.. he had come into 'town to dispose of a mpb of oattle> and see tosome   other atation business. i went with him that night to the hotel at wbioh he stayed, and nezt deywe went bo the xmm together.;' he intro duced me to some of his friends, and ail went right enough. i betted alittle, as,.every-one else did, bat nothing to rpeak of. harry hadto leavo that evening, and bajff jan hoar before .he went he asked me if i . would oblige hlmby taking charge of £200 and depositing it for him next morning in the bank—the national—you know, my own bank, as he did, not .want to travel with so much money on him,, though, probably, he would draw it in a few days.as he was going to buy some stud rams on his way back for his nncle. i ought to have placed it in the bank yesterday, but i was not in town in time," he eaid, " of course, i took charge of the money, and"-—   "dick, yon have lost it," i arid quickly,.at dick paused,   "well, neil.it would be easy for me to say i lost it," returned diok in a profoundly dejected tone, "bat, .then, i know that jam miserably to blame."   "bnt surely,. dick— oh, no." . 1 was not so ignorant, of masculine human nature aa to be nnaware that men—and young men especially— will sometimes cveratop the bounds of modera tion, hot i could approach the subject only 'in   w   . " well, not quite," aniwered diok, tovrbom the panses were eloquent," bnt jnst that'stage when one 'feels as mirthful as a harp in the handacf an angel far paradise without the least logical reason in the world. ob, nell, i'm afraid yon 11 think, me a worthless beast: but it wee an ezolhng, kind of a day, and a fellow takes a sip of this and.of that, and then i was with a lot more yonug fellows in a billiard-room, till some one proposed'we ahonld go to the theatre, i went tind put on another coat, and left my pooketbook in the one l pat off. this morning' i woke 'up at fl' o'dlook,   dreaming i had lost harry (join's money.; i. got up at ones, and went to. aearoh my pookets, and fonnd the pocketbookwasreally gone !"   " oh diok, how dreadful, what will you do ?" "the first thing i did was to tell the land lord, bnt the only reenlt was a. surprising amount of profanity, bnt he finally pnt the matter into the hands of the deteotives. however, i don't expect ever to see the money again. when a man makes sheh a.glorions fool of himself, he has no right to expect the interposition of pro vidence in bis fayonr. in the meantime a cheque may oome in from harry qnin at any moment. of course, if i knew whereabouts he   were i would not have the slightest hesitation' in writing and telling him. he would give me time to refund the moqey."   "bat, diok, why don't yon tell the manager   all about it?"   " because, my dear girl, to much embezzle   ment and money sharping of all sorts goes on at1 raoe time among young men in town,thateonfess ing to anymoney trouble is like taking onta patent for a bad character. and i'm quite a stranger here, with spy way to ,make. as ill-luck would have it, frank hamilton,~whocould atonoe help, me through this scrape, is ill of t fever. all the money i have in the world is £80."   we had almost reached the gate opposite to the harrowbys' big handsome house in fitzroj-terraca. some dim purpose was form ing in the back of my head to help diok, what i oonld hardly say, as i knew that my pocket-' money , in all eohid not be more than £35.   "nell, i'm almost sorry i met yon,'you look . so troubled and miserable,*' said diok, as we' stood by the gate.   " no, dent say that, dick. 1 ean, i must do something. will yon meet me near here to morrow about 3 o'clock?" ' '   f but,ilell, don't uk your friends for., money for . me,'" ' said dick, flash-" lag op painfully.;' "don't tell tbem iui^thi'ig about.thia.n. , *   ; •'oh, no, dick, ! don't mean to," i answered,' wi th an inward, shadier at .the bare thoaght df telling mrp.'ijarjroffby pfmy perpleitty had dick's 4k»hhler'., i mold', feel the ':cklrri,: astonished gaze.of bey pale,'. prominent .eyes riveted on my face as she asked me: —" and' pray who ia this yoang man jwhomyoa half pick?" . and if then and there! told bet that'   he was to ha engaged to bess when their pirbptf   gave their oonsent she would hare regardod 'me in the light of one of the evils that threaten the' stability ofsociety. ? .   as eoopaal got to my own room ! turned- out my parse, and found it contained,five poahds in' notes, two half sovereigns, end faome ellver ; i then took pockefcbook out of thereto esses ot my .trunk and aubjeeted it to a rigid scrutiny; when going away my father had given me my half,yearly allowance on a maoh more liberal scale than ordinarily, and i ain sorry to say that i bad in oonseqaencebought ih6re pretty things to wear of late .than there was any absolute necessity for. ' i .thonght 'oi this with remorse, as i counted sli my tnoney lllie the king in' the tut eery tale. my pocket-book contained a roll of twenty one-pound notes, one 10-pound note, and some change. bo at that mo ment i had exactly £30 15s. fid. - then if i lent dick £85, along with hia £30, there would still be £115 needed to make.op the £200 he had lost. there was a tap at my   door." ' . i.i;   -ihavetwrtrgbt yona cup of tea, nail; the tray'had jaab gone ont of the diawlng-room wken you came in. we. we're wondering -where ion were."   louise mt on tbe side of my bed as i tipped   the tea.   ' " by-the-w»y,nell," the said aa she wai going ont," what are yon going; to wear this evening ? ton know there are tome people eoming to   dinner."   " oh, anything," i aniwered wearily. if one ie planning to tare a fellow- ereatnre'e life it ia hard to hare one's thought* dlatracted by saoh irrelevant questions. no wonder some women who are anxious about their souls retire into seolnded convents.   " bnt .that's, jost what yon mosn'l do. jaok was wondering tbe other day what yon had done with your opals. wear them to-night with that pale-bine silk of yonrs. ah, why do yon blush so furiously. is there amy history oonneoted with your jewels that yon are keeping a secret ?"   " only tbe old-hiatory that they, were left to me by the meat benevolent of godmothers," i answered, laughing joyously, for the word "opala" had touched the weoret thought that had been slowly developing in one side of my brain. i suppose the want of acientifio preoision in tbia is something .terrible. but how else shall i describe that troubled vague groping after a fugitive thought, which some oboioe allusion all at once makes distinctly luminous ?   in a trioe i had taken out the quaint old oaken casket that pontslhed" the opal necklace,. bequeathed to .ine 'v hoy' godmother. they were of .tbe ,kind cailed noble opals; in their yonth' they had' ieposed in the reoesset of   simpnka, in hungary.. hod long they had beeii journeying among the" children of men it wps. impossible to say "; probably 'more than a century, to jndge by their old-fashioned pavi setting, of plain gold, of that deep yellow which the old ballad writers ,call "the 'red, red gold." my father jbad often laughingly said:—"well, nell, yon have always a few hundred pounds between you   and want in that necklace™—a sentiment whloh   had seemeld to me little abort of sacrilege, -so fondly did i love those gleaming gems; whloh seemed to hold in ambush all the tints of sky and flown and rainbow, flashing "and blacking ont suddenly as one looked at them, like meteors' playing at hide-and-seek. it was angoish to think pf parting with my necklace —bnt i need not sell them, i thought; l ean pawn them. all the eonfased memories i- had of pawnshops pointed to the fact", that they were kept by "harpies who thirated for profit and were ready to ery "naught,naught' to the moat preoions heirlooms. but sorely the moit godless pawnbroker alive would advanee at lenat'£l30 on my opals ? x had loved them for their beauty, because they- had in them the bright fiery flams of the carbuncle, the floe relnlgent purple of an amethyst, and a whole sea of the emerald's green glory, while behind all this fitfal brilliancy spread a soft delloious milky-way of bashfal serenity. now i could have gone on my knees with thankfulness that they were' so costly. the temptation rose strong before me to steal1 ont there and then and hie to one of the numerous pawnshops which i had noticed in going aboat melbourne. on several occasions i had scandalized mrs. harrowby when ont with her by standing before the pawnshop"' windows 'and regarding their contents with undisguised interest. they seemed so lull of pathetio stories—those pledges from the homes and lives of human beings. "unhappily it was frequently my fate to ehook mre. harrowby. bnt the habit was hereditary; indeed, nothing in our intercourse with eaoh other annoyed me more than a habit she had of saying,"tour poor father,*' when talking to me of him. i suppose tbe chief cause for this element of chronic compassion was his steady avoidanoe of chnreh.bolng. during one of his visits to melbourne at christmas time, mrs. harrowby bad pointedly naked him if he wonld not go to church—at least on christmas day. to whloh my father had replied,"my dear jane, though i am naturally of an eoonomlo turn of mind, i prefer not to mix up my swearing and praying in a sporting lot, so to speak." this allusion to the athansslan creed filled the measure of my father's iniquity in mrs. harrowby's mind. thus it will be seen that she was the last one to whom i oould oonftde any perplexity, and i felt it would not be fair to tell louise and hester anything that must be kept a secret from their mother.   it was not a'krge dinner-party—ten in all. the principal guests were archdeacon tamtam and his wife. the arehdeswon was a smiling bhernbio-looklng little mam, in whose month snob themes as sin and sorrow and death seemed like pale traditions of things that oonld have no existence. his wife was large and serene and masterful, always carrying a complex kind of hendbasket containing generally a yard or two   j of coarse fltnnrl to be manufactured into petti j eoafafor destitute babies. of course this was i verygobdof the archdeiconess, but one oonld ! bave wished that the flannel was riot of quite iwohi penitential kind. indeed, sombbfthi 1 wortbywoman's most impress! re stories were   j of the' ingratitude' often displayed by the   recipients of her bounty. «i am - very poori fotoiniy, bnttatn not going to teaf my baby's eitinofl wltb tkat.n "yes, my dear,tbuie-vbre the woman's very words," speaking bfsoiha delinquent with asolemn shake pf her bea^; hnd fben shewould say something abstrusely pious abont people not taking trouble, as it was meant for their good. the arehdeiboneeshad   e way pf 'alinding to the almighty as the great disposer of brents with a oertoln air of patron age, to if din had promoted him bo the dlreotor ahipof a joint-stock oompiny. 1 did not hare an opportunity of profiting by herdiscoarse, as john harrowby had token me in to dinner and monopolized most of my attention.   " what ahbwling swell yon are, nellie; those opals of yonrs iare real beauties."   this was the very opening i wished. i tried to speak carelessly as i looked down and answered, " yfes, they are great pets of'mine. i have often wondered in a vague way what kind of emergency would make me tell them, and if the necessity arose how mnoh i oonld get for them."   "have yon now? . fray what loads your thoughts to be sicklied o'er with mob a pale hoe   of avarice?"   "avarice do yoacau it? if you were auoh an ignoramus as i am yon would often find your self conjecturing what..yon could do if yon hadn't a crust to eat and yuur last penny was spent." . ?:   "by jove, 'what a touching piotnre of misery," returned john, smiling and pulung.st hit long tawny moustache. „ "i should think that to wear opals so gracefully krone of the best souroes of inoome a yoang lady oonld desire."   "but, joking aside, what do yon think a pawn broker, for instance, would lend me on my necklaoe?"   " upon my word : you shook me with the meroenary spirit yon display. well, i suppose a man like zski jndah—you know the large   mont de k6t£ at the corner of street— who does a respectable business in his way, would lend £140 or £150 on it—that is about a fourth of its value." ...   i could not -very well under pretenoe of making conversation ask for.farther particulars regarding the praetioes of pawnbrokers, bat as ztki jndah was supposed to have.a respectable business of * its kind," and as i knew where his establishment was situated, i resolved to ,take my .necklaoe to him as early as possible on. the   morrow.       chapter iii judah of the house of isra   chapi&k; hi.   *ot>ah of thb boum of tmu1t.. ;   " the children of men are an ungrateful and stiff-necked race. if forty-five days are calm and prosperous, and the forty-sixth day roogh and disastrous, they 'straightway write melan choly histories of that latt day, and say, ?" life is a cheat and a burden.". we remember • bat too wellthe honra in ,whiob"3sme par a maniao aoattoring dost, and life a fury slinging flame;" but we do not:alwaysremeznber ^wlth equal diatinetoea< the halcyon periods in wbioh   no fateful messengers came to tell wathat the sabeana, the fire of god, the ohaldeana, and a great wind from the wilderneaa hare utterly destroy edour deareat hopea, all our ohaneea of earthly bapplneea. i always notioe that when essay writera and' motaliata in general decry the human raoeand holdita weaknesses.np to profound seorn, it ia invariably on the consoling assumption that they (the writera) are exempt from enoh lamentable shortcomings. i avail myself of inch illustrious examples, and openly   may be,.i at least .ahao alwaya recollect with thankfulness how heater and loniae were ocou pled w ith the higher matht matios, and how provi dentially mrs. harrowby went away with the archdeaeonesa to look after' a woman whose husband had sold the blankets, and beaten the children, and torn up the tracts that had been bestowed on him for his conversion, leaving me absolutely to my own 'devices on that special morning when i wanted to pawn my opals. i. gave them a long fond look when i took them out of their oastet, wondering a little sadly when and how i should reoover them .again. but i drove this melancholy'foreboding awav, wrapped them in tissue paper, and pat them in my sealskin portomonnal. along with the £15 i would lend pick in case the1 pawnbroker declined to advance £150 on my necklace..   judah"e mont de fidtd was at the end of. a long careworn-looking terrace in one of the principal busineaa streets of melbourne. the msin- entrance was from this street, bnt there was a. small dingy door at. the aide,' open ing on a rather squalid little ps-streel, and over this small and dingy door was inscribed the legend * private!" this was no donbt a thought   fal stroke of diplomacy for toe encouragement of those faltering souls who, uke myself, went shamefacedly to the plaop. my first impulso was to avail myself of the eonceasfon thus so ki .idly provided. but a nearer view of this door m«de me change my mind. it was a door with an incredible amount of freemasonry abont it. it had originally been drab, bnt mnoh use and little cleaning had told severely on its com plexion. it had a large square pane of glaas let in at the top and hong with a little faded green blind, which sras pinned np at one corner. the aspect of sly craftiness which this imparted to the door is indescribable. it seemed not to wink, bnt to leer with a knowing mookery that was appalling. and withal there was an air of patronising fellowship abon't this door as though it would aay," oome on, yon young spendthrifts, with your dishonoured oheques and your inter minable drafts on the future. i knew ye of old coming with a watch given you by a fond mother, and your dead father's rings, and the sapphire-cross returned by the broken- hearted girl who waa compelled te take baek her troth. bring them in, bring them in, gather them into the bosom of abraham; you will come bask again many a time and oft; but your jewels, when will yon redeem them ?" an uncanny kind of a door deoidedly, and not to be entered lightly. i glanoed furtively up and down the street, fearing the approach of some one i knew. then i abused myself for an abject slave of mrs. grundy, and finally i marched in by the front entrance, trying to look as if transactions witha pawnbroker gave the finishing grace to a young lady'a education. the plaoe sras rather dim; it had wide counters running up two sides. behind one of them atood a short stout youth with oily ringlets and a guileless smile, whose attention sras engrossed by a thin woman in a draggled dress and a tartan shawl talking most volubly. there were tiro or three others stand ing round, evidently waiting their torn. " til take my davey on it that yer beat give me back that ring," mid the woman shrilly. " mind, we   ain't under'jsbrew lawsesic ihla colorny. it's ?gin the british oonstitootion to ttke n wooman'e weddin'-ring flqss she gives 'enelf— and that yonll find. why, yon might u well take my marked lines—nofulwonld ears 'ii they^wm bnn>t,* tho'; lkeeple'etn in fim-jinlhg ov myrbeeigown,' .jboikb,vhe'a,,a heavy-listed loafer if ever there was ontrbnt'i never could ha* believed hewonld aneakawsy with the ring, and me to .think i'd lostritjwfien was i oat wasiun', my firmer beir^'nothibg tospoak of bnt akin and bripe,tbongb)itrwjie that podgy the day 1 married 'im i sc^roe jponldget it oyer the knuckle. and then: to^come, along and see it as hold as brass shinin'inyottr winder: oh yes, i knows.it right welli' -fd'ksow- it/any wheres, not beta* a weddin* ringpaf ill, but3n» only one to be got, as we waslqp tbe wimrpera a hundred mile from any *ownahip,*ndjerejniab   a fortin' with blaokugjun*, tral 'pl'andillke a   femyale through it alt", '   at this point of wri: jliremlahvelt^tiihob, i door at the baok of the abop was opened) and'» •eeond youth, if possible more guileless'in hie appearance than the first, entered. he gave me a quick scrutinizing look, and- then.oame up* enquiring whether t wished to see 'mr.iladah. x answered promptly that x did, and he them asked' me to step ttis way, and prededed fne down a lodg ill-lit passage past the "private* entrance to » d is mall i ttio room a t the end,.into which he nshered me: ; . *.   : " bit down,' miss, my father will qpmgjtoyort in a few minntee," he said, and then olosedthe door. how my heart thumped' whfen i jfonnd my self alone in that room: xt wu dlmly litby' a1 window -which aeemedto beiek oallfeiong. lease to some en terprisingsp idem-that were ari* dentiy making a ,good thing• out -pf it. the only proepeot, it. afforded was a: jrlgh. blank .wall and .a few.hundredchimneja. the light earns timidly in like a'banhed nreature on' whoee lips - a- '-prioe- ha* been act. therewss-alarge dttorauetoclt with flguree in relief - in *uver,.;©u.: a'.dbeolt ground ofebony. quite newi and abini.ogtpbmd* eng on a^mantelshelf. ho donbt a pledge imm aome impecunious householder. and high abhve the mantelshelf hong a wonderfullybrnstalittlo french eage,gliftontngin bide' andgold.eoutalo inga canary* ona hoopthat ceaselessly swung backwards and forwards. -what made its wing eo frantically withent. ottering ,a single note   and why did those little eyes gutter? ?» nnnatnrslly ? .it was a painted bird in a painted cage. ''what an appalling fancy to' make a sham bird-^a ghastly image of tbe very lncarnation ot life and motion—and set it rotating disinpl)y.ini   a forlorn room i the rightrepelledyet floated yne, end i was still staring at theemaunbieeleas phantom when the door was opened abruptly,, 'and a.ahort thlok-eet man with* beaked nose, enormous cheeks, and email piercing black eyee,. overhung with long bnshy eyebrows, i e&me; in. he bowed and smiled at me encouragingly, has. my heart seemed to sink ..down to.my boots.   "vot gan 1 do for se young letry?" he . said,, displaying a row of large irregular cttnlvorout looking teeth. ? -y 'l' ??   ••van yon—i—yon «na money on jewellery,,   -don't .you p' i gasped, turning hot an d cold by turns. , . . : „ ? > iur ,   mishe*,shes, on any dines* lie stained, tab bing bis bud* in a gleetal kindof "way. x tremblingly opened my porte mon nil, dnwrsppeds my necklace and banded it-tohim. bebelllt in hi* fat grimy'hand* and looked at the glow ing iridescent atones witharavenous bind at tok. - • ? 1, • • , , ?? (. . • ,;t,   "zbn vant bow moaohj^ be naked, winning, my faoe: with his suspicions lit tie eye*. .*,   it aoohded eohorribly like aelllng themi   ? "i 'require' £160, and -offer yon tbe 'opal* an security, i answered with a* mnch determina tion a* i could convey.   he gave a low long, whiitie and promptly   handed me the necklaoe. ''   "imboaaible zat l eoot gif ao mooch," he replied. " vat do yon dinks i .coot get for dsns venyondon't reteem?"   "i know they are worth £400. and pf-boorfe x ?hall redeem them in a short time," i answered* with indignant emphasis. ' ' - j.   " or gorz, or gore, my yonbg lety, eferybddy reteekna eferydingi, sat i*'drae,nnd so ooine* lb sat my whole house -isvool.o* dings sat. g git money lor sat i gannot get again; no. defer."   "ob, if.yon cannot advance what i,want i need not wespas* farther ooy onr time^ieaid, rising and holding oat my hand for my opals. there vu snoh a horror in the prospect of leaving my beautiful necklace in the;hands .of thia rapaclcna old man that for the moment: i -felt almost glad, at ,the thopght ofpaking it ' " i gan advance vori ill3 at. dl#y ibtllings w week interest till yod reteemtherieeklsoe,* he saidquickly, holding tbd opals in tbe light agiin. m ho vane gan do fairer tot yon; auid z gan aaanreyon i do it btg%iwejpn are von young lety in tiasreaa. yoqccfer hava bawned nodinge befosno?" v 1   "thirty shillings nyreokinterest."' t itled to reckon what rate of percentage this was, bafc. my arithmetic was too vague and my agitation too great to make any my precise oak illation*. i conld only be sore tbst it wm moat slnfph   nanry.   "lethal the proper emerge?" i asked. w as severe, a tone u i oonldaiaumo.' »   " assy dings lower would slmbly rain me,"' replied jadab with nah solemn pttbao that for m moment staggered me, and mode jaje wonder whether i was not robblugthia cgiaritghle aim of israel of his daily biead. bat • glanoe at the vulture-like way in which helooksd frbhk me to my opals was enough to dispelthls childish, delusion. bat i refleoted that !jobo harrowby had spoken of this man as a " respectable pawn broker." of what use weald it be togo wander ing abont from one planderer to another only tb< soond the depths of pawnbroki eg greed ? and how could 1 bear a suooesslon of each interviews with tbe possibility that i might after all fare worse?'   "zbn will take datamonncuahes v he said in. an insinuating tone.   i faintly murmured" yes," and he went at once to a chiffonnier that was in the room, un locked it, and took out a masslve-lookrogtaoney box, which be pressed at the side oh 6 particular ?pot, and the lid flew open. he took ont little. bundles of bank notes, whioh he smoolbedond counted oat with a tremuloos kind of teqder ness. what a sinful world-weary existence many of tbem most have led! they were so soiled, so battered, so altogether disreputable, and departed from the parity of their yoath. it was easy to see that they hadb seldom been within sound of a ohurob-goinz bell; that they were privy to felony, and had been seasoned by topers in grimy pnbllo-honaes,   " vor how long do ydn'bledge the obals?*' '   i had not the remotest guess how long it might be before my necklsoe would be restored to me. bat i could hot -bear the thooghk of consigning tbem to jndsb for. an indefinite period, so i said " for a month," and then ho took a iquare reddish tioket, inscribed a number on it, and handed it to me, and i counted over the notes of valne,ranging from one to twenty pohnde.   "a huntret and dirteen bounds; and now will yon blease bay the indoreat for four weeks. zat will be eixch bounds."   i returned him siz of the most hardened looking sinners, and placed the rest in my porte- - monnai. i feel ashamed to confess it,' bat as i gave a last lingering look st my opals tbe'earn came into my eyes. . there they lay in all their   -sparkling yet soft elusive brilliancy, seeming to 'remonstrate with me for leaving them in snob *n uncongenial atmosphere.   1 wasgladtobeout once more in the bright warm aonshine, end the fresh invigorating air •way from tbe misty atmosphere of that olose dim back room, with its glass-eyed little sham nanary. " i . reached' the rendesvoos in the ?gardens a little before'the appointed time, bat oicv was there before the, looking moretniaerable, ?ffposslble, 'thin be bad done ontheprevloas 'day: -''it somehow seemed es unnatural to see dick, unhappy and haggard as it would he for a joyous child. ?'!'could not bear to keep him in feuspdnib one moment longer*   " dick, i have got the money for yon," i saidjahd, then and there i polled out the 'bandle of no'tes judahhad advanced, and with lt'the>£2bv'my own mosey. disk stood quite •till,'hie face'flashing a deep red ail over it.   •'nellie, darlint, where did yon get this?" 4e^h«id,;in a slow pained voice which tent a   pan'gthrough my heart   , ", ob, i robbed a bank—yon would be anrprlsed to see-how civilly they allowedme to present a pistol and lake my pick of their notes. quite an opening for yonug women in want of em ployment." dick smiled, and when i aaw him took a littlp like bis pld self i rewarded him by telling the tinth— thp whole, tintb, and nothing 4>nt the trptb.   : "bufcwhy did yon go, nell, it is bad enough ?to takeyonr beautiful opals to a pawnbroker, bat ?that yon should go to snob a plsoe by yourself—   -and for me."   " oh, diok," i said, " it was such fan. do .you'kcowjl think jt is: very'stupid only seeing people who read the same books, and wear the -same kind of dresses, and apeak the same kind   ?of grammar as oneself ;" and then i went on.co < teudhk jot the slatternly woman whose has bind bad pawned her ring. i could seethe comical element in it now far more than i did   the time. i.fear i imposed upon diek, and • -that he realty believed i enjoyba going to the pawnbroker's.   "bat diek, there are only £132 here, oan you"   " yes, fell, ot course t can matte op ens rest hut to think that you shoald have done this .(ot me. ob.nell, i can't bear to stf just 'thank .yon,' as i mold if yon passed me the salt."   ' sick clasped my hand in bis, with a peroept ebie'meistareln his eyes. we had wandered 'down by the little creek that babbles through the garden, and stoodnow beneath a lacge mag •molia-tree, and while dick held my band in 'speechless grstitude, who should pass within a ?few. yards of na but john harrowby! he looktd from me to dick, and from dick back to me again with wh expression of cold and haughty runszement. that made my cheeks tiogle. i gave him a frigid little bow, to which he re sponded with astern punctiliousness, and went: •on his way, towards home evidently. -   " hell, ban that masterfol-looking yonng man any right to look at yon withenoh an air of out tsged 'ownership f" asked diok.   1 ^ob; that's john harrowby," i .answered •with studied indifference, and then a comical look eame into . dick's face which i did not -quite understand.   ' "then ( suppose you're fsst friends again— you and be?"   " ves, moderately - but diok, i'm afraid i   annst make haste borne."   "but, hell, you'll be sure to tell john that: i'm your sisters (rweetheart—end whatever else ;you may think s fcf wou't tni nd hlaknowing about: any scrape, tot though hp looked very black at. •me 1 like hisfapb:"-? !   " dic^^ypu~mfepn that tm to cry « peeeavi'   to john harr&trky.phd; tell hioi about your;: affairs because be saw me talking to you, why   youve msklnga mighfy error," i said warmly.:. i don't know whiphyexed me most, john's ,im   ipertinenoeor dick's quizrioal smiles. . there is. no doubt-that-ft the xord had ;"not made men <the chief source of discipline in a woman's life   would be lost.   " oome, oome how^ my own gtdd little sister,: •don't be cross with me whatever happens. it's mo'ose toy ttying to say -bow i feel "what you havedpne fdr'tne, ndl. . rm jatt lholdpash's tpligbt. yp rpmenpbef ho'w 'after be told us reboot the harps andtbepums, and had pnmpsd.   •himself dry, he gave a little eoogh as thongh a -dromb stnok lu hlsthroat, ana said, f but my %rethren; we won't enlarge upon that.'"   i would certainly- have been much happier   .going home if that chance rencontre with john. jituvowby bad cot taken place. should! not -after all tell him the proposed relatiooahip in which dfaskstoodto mef heoame hpme that   afternoon rather earlier than usual, and i was - !*nhdyet to' find that i awaited his entrance into. -theldfifrring-raom with a- fast beatingheart. -** jest as if i were afraid of him," i -said to my kett scornfully. there were only louise and ; anykelf ifh the room. hetty had gone with her   : '? abofbertoa doroas meeting.   '" vc..»«<well, ^jack, jon are-rally getting into   ' -dvlifxedhablts again—coming borne at halfpat \- ionise, looking up from ber book.-;   i was sitting on a low ohalr' in the bay-win*. «dbw,? -partially hidden' by the ample- tripestry   ? «urtaina.   ' *fa mellie at home ?" asked john abruptly: :   " ?'i'll go end' aee," anawefed- teniae gravely,   •nlthongh she knew perfect^ well where -i waa. "*if she's not we had better invent a town   ' -erl^r. lost or .'strayed- oh yea, oh yee-^ " ; helm maxwell derweht, when - last teen, \- <afraye!d.-in brown eyes and a' peaoook-blufe   -^aiahiiiere,'" 'and with thatshe- left the room. - ' '? xhuiee,wateplte her mathematics and ancient' ? .-tlttaadtges, had a eploe of wiekednesa that ' was ?   'always more pronounced fn hersister's abas nee.   <fhv| wo igtuuicu mo ffltu ? ""'ht wbwtvuiug   r^uet4bder whl6hi grew hot and nheoinfort ' 'wble^ jutd doggedly obstinate in my inner heart.   !*iontwaidlyi walrcalm, engaged in crewel-work,   fihlsbihg 'the hewt of one of a series of golden   tau^ilowersa on. pauttilae kbmii eatin; oonoh   . "tievhjm thlnk wbtt be likes, 1° shall voldn   'teerboigdanattmi^' i aaytp mytslf, thtojdlnjg   ' vftojoiiiealiy tore jotirtelf ¥way—got tome •af'erau)"'hea ya, bending slightly towarda me.' ... .."tof, did yon expeot that z would be   r hyrauowed by n caas' "   -<• ~ otabwuy, like the missionary   :/<>f' timhuctoo f* 1 ask, lust raising my ejes to lilsfaot, . ' " " ?   !' 'he tugged at ms monstaehe, got np and   .y»allje(3_ across the' room, came hack and stood   near mewith folded arms. 1   ' "do 'jfrar pasfehta "know of this affair?" he eatedln aleaa saturnine tone."   ... *' what aflsir, pray p" t asked with an aooent   ?pfexbemeiatodlshmedt.   ?; ?; woh, of oodrae,yon do not know what liefer   to" lie answered quietly.   "^why. 'do ybn mean my having worked the .frog's leg out of drawing on kny last piece of   orewel?" '"   ?' ."good hfeavens! how exasperating a girl can t>s,"he;sald vehemently.   „ r then he plaoed his hand over iny work,   . toning me toiobk np':   "ifeji, who'wat that'yon were talking to is ' fitxroy garden?"   '' ' "a/lrlend from hsmlington—diok fitz   gibbon."   "ahl and does my mother know? haveyon   told her?""   ' "ho; ahe haa not been in alnee i returnjd   sod if die were i don't think it is necessary to mention every one i may happen to meet.".   . "happen to meet! do yon mean tossy that yon did not meet that fellow—the fitzgibbon by appointment ?"   i waa thoroughly angered by the tone of thia 'qneation.   "i decline .to answer you,*.. i answered, and •wept oat of the room with imperial dignity. as i am not. verytall.iwas very glad i.bad.a trained dress on. wbieh i notice always lends' a certain distinction when one leaves p room in wrath. bat this air of dignity did not prevent me0 from being thoroughly vexed with myself for not being more amiable. and then i dis covered that i had half expected john to oak ma in the old cordial manner, wbioh bad lately been revived, " who waa the friend yon met this morning, nell ?" and that i waa to have told him in ^confidence that it waa dick, bessie's future fianbe, when father was robaat enough to bear the ahock of finding that his daughter wished to be engaged to a man whoae wealth waa comprised in a £100 a year, and an aesthetic tta-cosy. i foand that we would be much tickled by this; that john wonld then aak for dick's address, call on him, and bring him to the bonne as en old bamlington friend. of course, i wonld not dare to refer to the fatnre connection, ti'l we heard from bess that dick's •nit was favoured by her parents. "it might all have been so different," i said to myself pathetically, as if the history of endlesa prooes sfons of - ancient and modern nations were not written to show that men invariably fail to take the coarse they ehonld pnrsue.   nor were my troubles over, for that day. as we were at dinner mrs. harrowby, who alwaya heard dreadfal tales of human depravity when she went out on missions of benevolenoe with the arcbdeaoones8, reeoanted a thrilling story   of a burglary ]in a friend's honse,-whioh was ; supposed to hive been effected with the conni vance of one of ibe housemaids.   " it made me feel that we are not haii-oarerui   enough in looking up, my dear," she (aid to the ' professor, who looked up with a slightly scared   expression, as if he feared that the wife of his bosom proposed to oonnt him and wrap him up in chamois with the silver spoons. as he was probeoutingan exhaustive pursuit of a root that had viciously broken out in sanskrit and the chaldean tongue in totally different meanings, such a proceeding woald have been disastrous. of course, a moment's reflection showed him   ihat there wsstno accommodation for him in the pantry; eo he'emiled vaguely, and said—   " well, my love, shall we get more locks ?'   "i decline to give up my latchkey, mother,'* ?aid john, who held by that hard- won insignia of hit liberty es tenaciously aa the barons clung to magna charts. mrs. harrowby had learned that though a husband may be trained to play the part of a greek chorus in the domebtio economy, it does not always. follow a son will inherit the gift of submission. so she deigned no reply, to this demonstration of ohronio insu bordination, but fiiing her gaze on me said—   "helen, yon bad better give me yonr opals to look spin my jewel oase; you have a careless, habit of leaving yonr things abpnt. the other day i went into your room, and saw a quantity of silver lying loose oh yonr toilet table." .   if mrs. harro wby had not been a woman of the, moat implacable resolution, i wonld have .assured her .that i kept my opals looked in their casket in the innermost reoesses of a trunk herme'ically sealed,or mnrmur some indefinite excuse. bnt i knew too. well that whatever it was possible for me to: esy wonld straightway strengthen her in the conviction that it was a sacred duty to take charge of my jewels at onoe, : and that,as soon as dinner was over she wonld straightway. march ms .into my room, to give" them to her. . strong as the temptation might be to a-different course, honesty «r*s now the only possible policy. bo with something of the ^celmnssohf despair z replied—   "thank yon very muoh, mrs, hsrrowby; but 1 have not gptimy opals in tbehou»ejtut now." i felt' myself; turning into, atone, under the glance withwbich lbs harrowby regarded me.' : ( " ton have not got them in the.noose," she answered slowly, with, a little gasp. ^ tfaen,. pray.iwberearethey f   .: i a terrible eilenoe fell on the room. i looked up helplessly to meet john's keen, enqairing eyes foil on gny.faoe. it is said that iaablon able doctors have the medloal accomplishment of .looking grave whatever nonsense is talked to them. i fancy lawyers have a faculty, for sus pecting villany when any little .mystery, crops np. .2 felt my faoe reddening horribly as i replied—.   flhey.are quite safe, but if. you will exonae me, mrs..harrowhy, i would rather hot explain why i haven't got my opals just now."       chapter iv john   ohaptkr 17.   two days afterwards i got • letter from diek that somewhat consoled me for the dhgrac* which hong over me for my mining opals.   " my d ear nell.—no penhasyet been invented that conld express the1 feelings of gratitude which fill my heart for the deliver »no# you wrought for me. never shall i forget last wed nesday morning. imstyba with a miserable oon yictioh that tbe day of jndgment had come, and   that'i was tbefiratarfmlnalto be judged. . ;? to-day awheqne of harry ruin's oame in for   £86. ton (din imagine bow thankful i am that. sill has beenartanged. 'indeed, if aeems as if 'my gratitude is too' great^-aa if i oonld not re ' cover from it. bat think of your deiti   tote'condition,'and tbat helps me to toooh the ground-again. i knowthat at boon, as ever   hsmiltontecovera he willadvanoe the money to. me onreasonable •terma, and then i can get   at— your "lovely opals book from (hat old rascal   not that i sboold abuse him. bat what i want yon to tell me, nell, is, have yob enough' money to go on with? i know the mirncnlons way in which a woman can; go throogh -a week with dignity, and epend prthaps only threepence. bat have yon the   threepence ? tou wonld ccnfer a great favour' ota me by stating the real state of your finsnort' ton can btvenoconoeptionof the manner in '•which ', t" "km saving , money. the"''way i m'snsge it' ia this: — i take -every, morning "one shilling and sixpenee for my.,   lurch — not another soni. ? 1 billiards; are   cinders and aahea to me; as forbeer, i nevef, tasted it for a week tlll- yeaterday, and then it: was older-^the day beltag sohot. the only re deeming little1 vieet' cling to 'is a smoke now and tben. andtbeic is nothing like a pipe to   console a man in s&tohbn; faith'—not that i'm: vfflietrd thohgh^ can hardly explain it to yon, nell, hnt there isaeertaln desolation in saving money sb ferociously. however, i mean to per •evere,-vindeo yon see, my dear girl, i am qaite ' in a position to be ysnr banker."   but! decided that i oonld manage "without trenching on dick's hardly saved store. ' i nould not .help beingsorry that he had to be so pain fu'ly economical. it might be pleasant to. be   stingy if one oonld lire longenough. bntthsra : 'is a certain wastefulness about hoarding-np j money when yon may never have the pleasnreof spending it. i used to think bees and myself managed witha very moderate allowance. but   on reflcctlbn i fonnd* that mother most 'have i p&ld; for nearly til oak -dreams, and any girl knows that this la a considerable item in her expenditure. it wsa when i found all s;y re uniting money melt away on trifles light aa'air that this fact was forced on my reoolleotion. in   three weeks i found that thirty-seven shilling!1 bad been frittered away with very little to show. lor.the money.' i took a pocket-book and pencil: aid began to make w eolemn entry ofaill could. i en-ember. a feeling of intense virtue suffused: my frame, but nevertheless.i could: not get on with the list-. collection three sundays, three sbiliibge; marabout ffathers for white toque, six teen shillings; a beggar with'ode leg, tivo ahil iingc. there was a slight tiige of regret in my. mild abont this entry. john had bsserted that' all beggars in melbourne were impoetets.. " bat! the man with the one leg who plays a- barrel-: organ, be is not an impostor," 1 had bald. "oh, yea he, is, the other leg is doubled op in his! ppcbet." i did not believe this at the time, bat now whi n 1 regretted to find my money fading away like last year's roses, h'.oconrred.to, me: that john might be right. -where was the rest .of the thirty-seven shillings? i raked my memory in vain to answer this.question. the' npsbot was that i bad to be extremely saving, not only bad 1 to think twice before spending a shilling, bat 1 bad to think twioe, and theii not ipend it. as i had not from the fin: allowed mrs. harrowby to bear the cost of my. amuse ments 1 had now to make excuses, and steadily decline going to the theatre, opera, or even oon   certs. , .   "is it that yon are turning aerions? aaid louise'in an awestruck tone, one night when they were jgoingto the opera, and i, aa waa .be aoming my wont, atayed at home. -   " who knowa vi answered laughingly. and, .indeed,! began to enjoy having so mush time, to myself for reaoing. there are so many delight   ful old end new books that one should'read and meditate over—not once,'(rat a great many times. as hadame de 66vign6 arid—" it is to the interest of those :i talk-to that i should read beautiful books.", so- i read "seven lamna of arthiteoture" for an hour and morel   and then i bethought me of apieoe of work i had to'do—the trimming of a "hat, sol took it into the drawing-room and eet to work/ i had a yard and a half of white eilk ganae, some pale blue sarcenet eilk. to line the wide brlm.afew ears of corn and a scarlet poppy with which to drape the unadorned nakedness of theatraw. who, without trying it, could believe that to looai i j twist a length of ganze round the crown, and catch the eilk op at the aide with a flower in a graceful manner, was almost beyond one's highest skill? ifound it hard to believe i had been brought up.a christian, as time after time i pricked my fingers, and puckered the gauze. in the midst of tbia who should come in but john. sometimes when he was more than ordinarily buby he did tot come home to din ner, and wonld perhaps be not seen by the family till breakfast time next morning. on this evening be had not been home to dinner, and it was nearly 10 when he came in ever since ibe.pbssageat arms i have recorded we had been coldly civil to each other, and that was all.   "i suppose the rest are at the opera," he said, after a formal salutation had been ex changed.   " v tt," i answered, .fixing my slight, foolish flower on the side of the hat.   " why didn't yon go with them f   " i'm not sure tbat 1 am very fond of operas, especially * the grand duchess.'"   " so you stay at home a la cinderella and trim a bat for .a few orphans—of coarse that thing most be meant for more than one."   i think a man reaches the maximum of his bdionsuess. when he stands in the briton's ty pleal attitude with his book to the fireplace, smilingat one's hat, and calling ft" that thing."   " you'ate mit.taken." 1 answered gravely. " it jsicot for an orpbapaeylam, but for a family.   the father, weua it and goes first, all the reat | follow-'in bis wake and tire' completely pro   tected."   " in that ease i mnat sea whether it ia adapted for a masculine head.? he took my hat, and with the deftness peculiar to bis eex he put it.on baek to front. it wis too ladicrous. the sight of bis big moustache and brown faea under,thie flowing ganze and. delicate bine eilk .completely onset my gravity. i burst into a peal of laughter, in which heyoined, then return -ing my fast, he said—   ? >»• are you sure it ia .beeauae yon are getting i . indifferent to the pomps and vanities, of this life   that you stayed at borne to-night?"   it is easy to'make a lofty anddlgnified ex cuse when you pre very indignant; but if an ancient feeling of kindness stirs the neart it is more difficult.   " well perhaps not altogether," i replied, holding " that thing" at arm's length to decide whether tbe poppy was not too far to the baok.   *» yob are very. mysterious of' late,, nellie/' said john, sitting on an ottoman .at my . aide, and speaking more in his old tone than 'be had done for e long time. _ ; i 1   " we need to: he very good friends at one time. so yon remember when i wept do.wp to flamlington three y ears ago, j ust before i went to england?" he went on, lowering, his voice as if he weregolng to tell e secret., ,   "tee, of course, when you were "so proud because the tips of your monstaehe when pulled very hard reached your ears.";   "ah, little slanderer, b that all you re member about my visit f .   "ob, no. i reeoueet very well'how yon took me out rldee on jui and.taught me to.jump brush fei>oes,to the utter ruin of my riding skirt. and one sunday yon gave me snuff in church; spd when i took a tiny pinoht had to keep my face burled in my handkerchief for fear of sneezing. - the bev. nioodemps was preaching one of bis periodical sermons on the bottomless pit, and the.next tlmelmet him he said, "my dear.helen, .it'.gave me athrfll (of pleasure to "see now deeply affected yon were iset bnndsy; snob tears are a sign of grace! * j   "yea," rejoined john, laughing, ? and'do'you remember the day i went with you to: sunday school,'and mrs. asbgrove insisted ou. my taking a clsas ? there >1 fonnd myself with right little beggars, punching each other on. the sly. and then staring blankly in my'face. i knew i ought to tell them about adam or jonah, or tome old patriarch; but i felt ewfnlly mixed'op;. i could not be sure what were the proper anecdotes, to ttok to the noises." fit last i said.,* wholes ittbat went info, the lions' den?' i here, was a perfect ,ppioar.' ?fibej.blr.' *no; pjeaie sir it were jnsboa end the ten apici.' ' •lt'wiirn't, it were   the ten tribes of jadsh.' ' it was noah and bis -seven wives.' - find then they began to quarrel over-it, sod give f«oh otherfinrtivp. kicks. just like grown-up christians— ,   ? ''fighting .each ptherforconolljation   asa he'lng eaph other for the love of 'god."   find there i sat cdnfnsed and helpless." there ' were so many prrsont who tmight havebeen the   victim that! eohldnot be tore vrholt really -was.- find the httb imps were making such a \- noiieevery one intheecfapol waa loakingatins. fit last, :in despair, i told .them*..about the ' house .(bat jack built.' next week ah 'irate mother complained to the superintendent. she said she sent her children to sunday school to learn' hjmns and pharisees (she . meant para phrases), and not worldly rhymes." ...   we both laoghed heartily/and then john said rather abruptly, " do ydu remember tbe morning i left?"' my heart gave a sudden leap. i did remember jt—perbapsr too well—but all things considered i dld pot see that john should hting it np. •   "yes; you left" early in the. morning, didn't yon?"' i said carelessly, bending over my hat, , and stitching in the lsst ear of wheat.   '" a" little after sixbtit "early u it wa» a certain young lad; tu up to give me yome bieakfast. what delicious coffee, it wm to be sure. 'i track tbrte oopaof it ;before,ifinished the'.bird the jbui g lad; looked at the clock aiib a little cry. '   •"ob jack i'^ahe celled .me jack in those days) 'jco meet leavirin fobf minutes. thij co cb l*cai a 'aaron's corner at ten minntea put six.' with that she handed memy gloves una8   &y; face was getting:intoleiwbly-hot.t, ,   "how absurd to;recall such triflja,"^. isaid, mrkii g a desperate,attejnpt to, cat snort these riminuctnees. "j ?   " trifles! eb. bot wait till i tell yon all! thi> charming young. lady gave me. ioj gloves, and' bade me pat'on-my greatcoat' (it was a oold winter's morning), and then i was quite ready to go- but oh how loath. you must plctare to yourself that the breakfaat-room was warm and; cosy, with a great fire of split fragrant' black wood crackling in the wide chimney, and that tbe young lady—she was just seventeen if ! remember rightly—had tbe brightest eyes, the. sanciest smile, and anoh roses in her cheeka.' 1 believe 1 can even describe her dress. it wss a lovely soft bine—a morning gown, jroa know, with a delicious little white fur collar and cuffs. her fair hair had been hurriedly wound up, and as she flitted about a benevolently-disposed old bairpin slipped ant,of its place in that un obtrusive way. in which true oharity is .always performed, and there the thick soft fair hair fell, over her shoulders in beantifnl ripjplipg waves. ' oh, nell, why didn't.you wear your, hair like this before (her name wot nellie,by-"tbe-way— onrious coincidence, isn't itf) you : musk pioture to yourself that;tbe caret ofthis world and tbe deceitfulhess of' the law' bad not then taken bold of me, and that i was the fdlow who in all the world least'liked going away from this yoong lady. 'never1 mind my hair.jou really   mutt go.' • it's *11 verywell for you who see. jonr bair like the every day tony "never mind it." did- yon keep it: as ? surprise: to the lut moment?' 'ob yon goose; mostl drive yon outnfthehouae? be&lly;,. jaok, good-fay,' she •aid, giving me bet two soft, little warm hands,' ' i 8qppoee i'll not see yon for a woful long while,' i said,' unable to take my. eyee1 off her bair. bbe came a little nearer, with a beautiful moistnre in her bright ..egee, and. thenl drew her still a little closer, stooped down, and"   "ton t$ll the etory nicely; no dionbt yon have bad practice in relating it," i- aald, half choked with contending emotions. ?   "nellie, yon should not say that," retnrned   john in a snbdued kind of - tone. "11 i have : vexed j on i em sorry, bat that parting has come np in my mind eo often of late, and— well, at least after being anob good friends at one time, and cousins always, i think yon might bf a little more open ^rith me. i don't want to force yonr confidence. of bonne i saw at a glance the relations between yon and the gentle man yon were talking to in fitxroy gardens"   here john paused, and though in,my heart i wonld have been glad to disabuse him,of his mistake, two or three contending emotions sealed my 1 ps.' perhaps the most potent of   these influences was the half bitter thought that. as john himself had been engaged without even : writingany of usaifrlendlynote on the matterj, be would more readily believe that i eould adept the same bourse, and;of oourse eventually he   must know the truth.   " whatl want, to say," he went on, i'll that if i can do anything for you i shall b» very glad.   it strikes me that you nave not been in smooth'   water of late."   *> thank you very mush,7,1 replied, hesitating whether i should say spy more. . '?   " oh, confonnd.it," broke in john impatiently. "i beg your pardon,^nellie, but if you' don't   give me any bread, don't offer mb'a stone. that conventional 'lhankyon very mush,' is   too absurd. it wotilq be far less aggravating to. hear you say, * please, mind ynnr own business.'"   there was a ring at.tbe gate, aod the entrance ? of tbe family saved any further altercation.   "tbe mail is in, hell," said hester. "i suppose yontliget yoac letters :to.morrow."   mrs. hartowby looked at me and then at john' in an enquiring sort, of .way.   "i suppose yoq were too busy, toopme to the' opera, john," aheaaid, slowly drawing off her glovis. ..•*•• • , ?';   "tis, and that, woman howls at you so when she is dying. i cant stand'jrer."   "what woman^ .no woman dies hi*the grand duchess.' * ''   "nov-'i neyer.gou the opera without seeing some woman in laws and jewels dying gracefully in time to the mdtic, or a'foolof a tenor in   black- velvet lamwsihsted undercover of the   ophicleide and big drum—only ^unfortunately be never: fs really stabbed* ,m .   "miss vandome was there to-night wlihher mother.- that girl: really seems to grow handsomer every day," said mrs. harrowby, calnjy 'ignoring herwont bad temper.   i gave an .involuntary glance at john, be was looking straight at me. it may seem carious, bnt tbe ndehtion of bis ci-detant jiantit made me feel pleased that i had' not taken him into my confidence, as i had felt tempted to do.       chapter v what came of it   chapter v.   what ca1eb 07 it.   i got try letters next morning atbrbakfsat— • delightiol batch, t f orgot sli my troubles, my pawned opals, dlekyiiiareabed poverty, sad my own destitute ooaditieu,1- while voiding   them. host of bessie's letter3w»* d&roted; to dick; bow she loved blm.if possible, mare than ever, bow desr the old tlmes>fn»ffatriling ton seethed to leok bsck upon, how:sht was w iting a journal, and meant topersevere to the etd, though jokes and sights always ajemed • little stupider after , writing about them; and most important. of all, bow nsotberjuid father knew of this attachment between dick and her self, end were not—oh, not hidf'pounds* as we feared. "ismafraidyou*u,hava,towaftalong time, bess,' before piok'a, ship pomes in," the pater said to meqnite kindly. bat i know dick will be very economical no w.and we'll be able to manage quite well on ussop a year to begin with, fcc. i feel thsckful that i had been able to serve dlokao effectually. what a blow it would be for bessie if be bad loat hia position in tbe bank! - but the afternoon port brought an invitation to me toeommohwith the rest of tbe fsmily/'wbieh changed the'oomplexlon of my tbongbis from gratitude to reseat. an in vitation to « grta t ball.gi ven by.the qraotleys   prior to leaving,fur (.trip tojpbpa' now a j bsll at grantlej'a was quite amevent in mel   bourne society,;. from the moment you drove i in at tbe gate and up the immense blue-gum avenue, 1 it wi th .glorious, 1 ighta, thatlooked like globed pleeesicf vivid atarught ; and'heard tbe soft musical rippling of innumerablejronotaiiia, it was like a brief aojourn in ah enchanted land. instead df'theheavy splendour'of obatllness that one ao often anus oppressive in the our lonndinga ot the wovsaec riehet, enefound an ctherealized kind of beaaty, wuoh seemed in no way associated with material wealth. natur ally all melbourne was eager for invitations. those who were disappointed at once remem beted that mral grantley waa tbe daughter of an irish labourer, "a man who broke atonea, my dear, for seven at eight shillings. the mother took iq washing, and mrs.. grantley nod her sister no dduht helped." ."and where is tbe sister now?? poh. she married one of those millionaire amerioans—they live in paris in tbe utmost magnificence—not that t suppose for   a moment they tte received by the very beet focitty there." shis supposition wai mere roslire. tke american millionaire's unlimited   coupled aith'his ? wife's beauty, her enpieoe tact and unerring taste,bad opened to lib m'the most exclutiverepreeentatives ofiiba ' ancient fabourg 8t> gertnain. it tne there; no dout.t.-wre grantley hsd learned the rare secret of giving a bell that warlike • page oat of the •• arabian nights " but ignite apart froin this divine gift, i hkedmrs grantiey immensely. she was to witty and vivacious, and'yet withal (i ere was a grave depth in her beautiful iritb eyes that made one feel she was never afebamed to. remember the old. homely days when ber father delved and her mother (pan — or wathed, which, after all, is much the same.   " 01 course yon will go, nell," said louise, atd without waiting for an answer she honied away with a portfolio under her arm to take drawings of the anoient gods.   " of coarse i can do nothing of the kind," i thought bitterly. for a moment a vision roso op before me of myself in shining raiment, with my opals gleaming in their marvellous way round my throat, and john coming hp to claim the first" waits, and then" i returned to proaalo reality and reminded mjeelt that my opals were pawned, my purse all but empty, and that wj   btj   last evening dress was shabby beyond redemp   tion. ' though outwardly i shed no tears,' 1 felt that kind of inward chill which has all the melancholy, of .weeping- without its pathos. then'igrew uhamed bf myself 7 i remembered how many things'there were that should weigh on my mind more than the foot of being aeiame to go to a ball. x reflected bow high the per centage ' of paupers, lunatics, end criminals is ell over the oivilized world—how short wrid fleeting life is, how one should strive after goodness, ahd try to improve the time.   ihe result of nllthls moralizing m to leave a generat flatness, which induced the feeling that after all. nothing mattered ao very much. under theae circumstances one may imagine my ipy at.'getting a note from; diok by the after noon pest'saying:—'"my 'dear 'jfell—by-wis morning's mail i received a letter from my great aont eneloaing a draft for £800. ait fasts merciful providence haa pat it into her'lieat that a fellow cannot go on eziating indefinitely en nothing, that it ia possible be may.'nojt be vowtd to celibacy' and that tailors have a superstitions habit of looking for payment. *1 never tbonght i sboold be ao glad to get mooejr. dear girl, let me go with yon to-morrow to redeem your opals. i shall be at the corner of   street at halfput 8 precisely.   i waa only too happy to obey. poor old diok looked quite himself again.   h do y on know,.my dear girl, i was beginning to be quite sceptical aa to the very existence of bappineaa," he said, aa we walked onto jadahv   furies, witohcraft, bappineaa,' i used tq say to myself, repeating a melancholy little lltapy of the belief of early days; bnt now begad i feel that misery is nothing bnt a disease; the,worst form of any, because', yon see, hiviog it once'or twice is no manner of protection against thp old bsggegeegain." '   "do yon remember, whit heine'saya:t^briat the matter, dirk ?"   " das gluckistllnefslchte dime,   upd blelbtnlobtlaw am hdber art,   " 8is streichtqaihaar dlr yon die 8ttrna."   ? undknsstdfcknfhifadfltltettforl .,-:e   "fran ttnglcok bat hmgegentluile,. ? ' v,   dkk ilebefast ana bern rsdrdokt— ' file mi h&be; jcoloo jslzsu   eltst sichzu dlr ans bett dndtfilckt."   " comet .now,, nell;'• don't be .'after giving yonrtelf a acre, throat, ,but put ,it into decent .christian words.. although j understand? das' and' '.bio,' the rat of .the meaning it a, jjittlo   vagoe." "?   "bnt .lt la ;ao hard bo translate, 'diok ; fhe neareetj.eapget to the liist verse it   " jortasmalilan bee si air, ?. .   -ifkqdoes not long in oas place stay,.   bhe fromthy forehead smoothes the bur—   ojuitlieivklm had futi'k^.":'''"-; "-i >   . ^jthe hthierj vera^cteaes^me; 'fee h^gl^of clasps theeipringljf' to^ier heart.; -shenian the   la in no hurry, slta down by thy bed and kbit*:?!" ' . ?'   " faith, the old hanldad turned the jioffof hrr stocking well before she left me thi* time,"   'said dick.. ' 1   thus laughing and talking we reaobtidlha mont 'do piete. "we both thought?ndah'tboked a litun dejected when.diok produoed the ticket and explained that be hid'oomo toredoimjny   opals.   • . bqw delighted i was to see them onoeagain. theyblu'shed and smiled, and grew red and   and gre^and fleetidgsearlet cutbssniaeivwi^st   of'old. .it was delightful to, fold them "up tenderly and put them ihjbo my pcetemonnai once more but a terrible'thing happened' aa we were going out. ? just as judah was epmjtog the side door for as, one of the assistant*'muio up'the gloomy damage—into .which tbe aide door opened—ushering two ladies and a gentle manlntci theaitting-room we had left. it .waa john followed by hla mother and rim aroh   deaconnen'. the two ladies were talking, arid a few pace* behind. john with a glanoe took it all in; be looked-from pick to me without a sign of " recognition, hben- stepped book and stood faeing the ladies, asking some questions, and barring the way till we wept oat.   it was all over,' and arranged . in the moit satisfactory fashion, and pet all. through i bad not been to exquisitely uncomfortable as i felt when john^eame into dinner that.. wenlng. he was behind time,and asheaai domi he made acmebrief apology forbeing.late.: hesat just opposite to me, .but die worse .onoe.auo*ed his eje to wander jn, my. diiecfiqp., ahattrb at it may seem, ah overwhelming sense dfcofalasioo fell on me, whpn.'ba i eat mere, xtalw realised the eqnlvotal light intarch'^mhittpiard my conduct. .a,girl wba in ibeibifeneeof her parents, made assignations vrltb'amsh unknown | to her relations, made pasignatibnt,' 4nd went with him: to a pawnbroker;' wbatxild he think? hot the least ebahee of'finding ont. he hastily ate biaaeup, uatenedtfith half bis mind, to bit motbervreftersted expressions of honor as to the - wiqkedoew of a man named . joriing, .. fin had deserted hia;wifefor aix.months, then", returned and lived upon her. earnings, apeat 'all tho money aha had, and finally stole all her jewellery—a gold' watoh,and chain and some rings, which had been traced to a pawnbroker's. this was the reaion^ the vwt wfileh had been paid by herself and the'archdeaconries* under the abadowef joints legal pinions.. " r   " and ton a otually went into a pswhbroker'a, mother," arid louise,' "whitfani/i wfehlhad been wlthypu." ' ' •"1   "indeed; my" dearitam' at a loia to know what fun there cotdd be ln visiting toeh a plaoe —the resort of criminal* end-fagalxmjlfolevery description," retained hp. bbbnlgihiwrij,   "barely, my iove,your»elfspd.jha arch dbaton's wile cannot be placed in .either oate gtrj," arid the flofeslor with mildslepreaa tion. ionise and hester tittered, bat john looked.st impassive as if he ware.a bphinx in the lybian desert. .did my abnormal iniquity so prey upon hia mind, that like the king of old he would never be seen to smlle sgain? i am afraid i half enjoyed the thought of the way in wbich i would scatter , those gloomy visions if hia by the simple statement—"that was die t fifsglbbod — my future brother -la - law. he wae in temporary embarrassment for money   co i (owned my opals, and to-day he went with a «to cedtem them." for i really felt that i n oil offer john an explanation tua time. the opportunity offered itself in the course of the ecenlng. i hid been playing and tinging to " an audlroie composed of the performer," aa dlek need to express it, when, aa i sang that old patbet'c sootob ballad,   " s» eet thaunook'i note and long   lilllliill ^mlly up the glen,   but ay to me he stags ae sang,   1 ye no oome beck again ? will ye no come book again ? better lo'ed ye canna be.   will ye no oome back again?"   i felt rather than aaw that john had oome in and etc od a few pacee behind me. aa eoon ae i finished the eong i turned round and aaid—   "ton aaw me to-day at judah's?"   "i did."   '• i waa grateful that yon aheltered me from your mother'e observation. she would have ben astonished if she had seen me."   " i should eey ehe would rather."   "i daresay you guessed what took me there." "i never gutea."   how i put it to any one whether with the beat intentions in' the world, sueh curt re joinders, coupled with a demeanour cloaely re sembling that of an iceberg in the arctio ocean, are not enough to repress the most determined friendlineta. it is all very well to plan a re conciliation and repeat a oonfeasion beforehand, but after ail anticipating a conversation issome . thing like trying to answer a letter before it is   received. i set quite still, honeatly wishing to explain but quite unable to call up'the neoes aary amount of humility—to eat duet like the serpent as it were. and then jobn spoke:—   "isold before thst i have no wish to foroe   your confidence, bnt there is one thing i -muit eay."   he paused, end the beating of my own heart was the only sound i beard. then john went on, every word dropping from his lips like a separate icicle.   "while your parents are absent yon are supposed to be under my mother's protection, are you not?"   "tee, i suppose so."   ?'then i ask you in all fairness is it con sistent with your ideas of propriety to make assignations with a young man who is a complete atrapger to her."   " that depends on"   "it depends upon nothing," interrupted john vehemently. " there is nothing to exonse a girl for doing snch a thing.' and to go with him to n pawnbroker's of all place* ia the world. you credited me with gnessing the purport of your visit. what was it?"   " to redeem my opals."   " i thought as muoh. yet daring the last three or four weeks you have had so little money that you have been obliged to deny yourself all   customary amusements. j   i nude bo rejoinder.   "what conclusions am i to draw lookiog at me with a world of wroth blazing in his eyes.   ''knowing nothing yon will of oonrse think the worst," i answered, looking at him with the fearlessness of injured innoeenoe.   « shall i tell yon what i am foroed to think v add john, with a' sodden calmnessgof manner   which i knew was forced.   "tee; if it gives yon any satisfaction."   ".'then i think yon are a misguided, over* credtiloua girl, who allows herself to be blinded •nd ddteaby a foolish attachment.?   f maintained an obstinate eilenoe.   " answer me one more question, nellie. do yourpareuts know of jonr engsgement f   " my engagement ? well, it would be an extra-' ordinary thing if they did, seeing i don't know of it myself," and with that i made a clean breast of it. . john's faoe was'a perleot study; amusement, indignation, and mine other curious expression strove for mastery. when i finished he stood , looking at me for a minute or two without saying a word. "   "well, yon are.a most distermlned wicksd little minx," lie cried at last, bnt there was a •mile larking round his month. what pleasure could yon find in tortaringme like that ?"   "torturing you?1' .'   "tea, oome, nellie,i'll etand no more non oense. . , oh, hang yoar letter- writing. yon don't go out of this room till yon give me an   "good heavenslhow many more' questions hats yon to ask. xoa're like a osteahlsm and a eojsl commission rolled into one." -   " well, i'll ask only one. do you know what made me so mad about the pawning business ?   . now no evasions, neu—look at me r-ralght in ?   tlpfsee."   . .john was atandlpg beside me now, looking at me in a way that' made my heart beat and my   cheeks flame.   "shall i tell yon. nell"—he eald' almost in a whisper, "because, my darling, i love yon."   "ob, jack!"   i went to mrs. grsntley's ball after all, and danc»d with jack so often that i am afraid ever; one must have gamed we were engaged.        6361		wongawarra   chapter 1 none   wonga. warra.   by waif wander around the wide-stretching station of wongawarra, soft and lovely spring was spreading her green beauty. across the miles of undulating pasture, up among the blossom laden branches of grand old box trees, along the trellised vines of the stately homestead, fresh australian tinted verdure was bursting into leaf. the sunny haze of october floated on the distant line of blue purple hills. the bosom of the beautiful goulburn river glittered in the sun like a broad ribbon of watered silver, and along its banks clustering eucalypti - young and fresh and green as the freshness of stpring could make them - mirrored each soft outline in the sparkling water. down from tho blue hills, among the mossy boulders of sparkling granite, a more brilliant and feathery bolt of verdure marked the winding and tortuous course of wongawarra creek. patches of the richest golden-colored bloom nestled here and there in the soft full sprays along its banks, marking the spots whore the spring sun lingered most lovingly, and caressed the opening wattle buds into their full beauty of golden down. rippling and singing sweetly, full of the yet unwasted floods of winter, widening into broad pools where its waters lay quiet and deep, and at length   flowing gently over the grassy plain, where   broad flocks of grey sheep slaked their gentle thirst in its bosom, wongawarra oreek at last rippled into the goulburn and was lost. the homestead of wongawarra was a   pattern australian home. wide verandahs, vine-wreathed and cool when the hottest sun of summer vainly sought admittance, made a pleasant draught through the spacious hall. lofty rooms opened out to the verandah through deep french windows, that, on every side of the stone building, commanded a view of a most pleasant landscape. the sun of october, then, was inclining toward the west when we enter upon our story. standing on the front veraudah of wongawarra, under the sprays of passion flower, and leaning forward anxiously to gaze on t':e distant white track that wound over the grassy plain, was s young girl of some nineteen years. we have a good opportunity of observing her as she stainds there, for the haud with which she shades her eyes from the too piercing rays of the declining sun does not hide her features and the uplifted arm exposes a plump and well laced figure to easy scrutiny. jane beveridge was under the middle size, and her form could not, by any stretch of imagination, be called an attractive one. it had none of the piquante litheness of those petit figures at once graceful and well proportioned ; but her movements were fussy and obtrusive. she had dark brown hair, elabulately dreerd over a low and not broad forehead ; dark, bold eyes; and very commonplace features. but there were many who believed janie beveridge, as she was called familiarly, a very pretty girl indeed, for she was the only child of john   beveridge, and heiress presumptive of the broad station of wongawarra. the watcher had waited nearly an hour most impat;ently, passing to and fro on the verandah, and fidgetting in and out of the house, ere the figure of a horseman was seen emerging from the forest that bordered the plain ; and the impatience of the young lady during the short time that elapsed before the rider dismonunted in front of the house might have amused an uninterested observer. there was, however, an observer who it might he conoluded was anything but an uninterested one, at least if one might judge from the angry light of his dark eye and the scowl that corrugated his brows as he watched her. this was a young man of twenty-four years; a tall, handsome, and wall.made figure, with it face almost beautiful, as far as regularity of features went. but there was a hanghty air in the pose of his figure that ill became it, and an expression of ill- temper in his face that utterly destroyed the effect of his otherwise faultless appearance. nothing could be glossier than his wavy, black hair; nothing deeper than the ex- pression of his dark, large eyes ; but it was the depth of a tideless pool that hides unpleasant secrets far down below its calm surface. this young gentleman, then, who was leaning against one of the pillars of a side verandah, when we open our story, was known an george larkins, mr bevoridge's manager on wongawarra station. we must now make you acquainted with the third of our dramatis personae--the horseman who is approaohing woogawarra at a smart canter, as he reaches it and dismounts we see a gentlemanly figure of the middle size, compactly and strongly built, with a deep chest and well-formed limbs. his riding dress is well calculated to show off the latter to the greatest advantage, and the well fitting riding boots do not hide a small and shapely foot. this gentleman had seen thirty-six years, and silvery streaks were beginning to show among his dark brown hair and abundant beard ; but the bright, grey eye was as youthful looking as it had been ten years before ; his delicately chiselled aquiline nose and thin nostril gave a beauty of feature that time would never destroy; and a strength of intellect that no wealth could purchase had stamped its impress boldly on the broad, white forehead, and pure, blue- lined temple of frederick howard, adding to the effect of almost perfect features an air of intelligent manliness that was the principal characteristic of his appearance. such, then was the visitor whom miss janie beveridge had awaited so impatiently. " oh, mr fred, you're come at last," she exclaimed, running down the steps and seizing his arm as he alighted. "i thought   you'd never come ; my eyes are crooked from staring across that plain !" a half smile curled mr howsard's lip as he looked down toward the little speaker, and coolly lifted the arm which she had appro priated and held firmly with both her hands. is eyes too met hers as she looked up with evident admiration in his face ; but although   the gaze flattered him, mr howard was too manly to prize an unsought affectlon. " if you please, janie, my horse must be attended to ;" and he quietly withdrew his arm from her grasp. "oh, bother the horse. mr larkins, please to send somebody for mr fred's horse. there, leave him there ; he won't run away. oh, do come in, mr fred ; i have so much to tell you." there was something eminently disgusting to mr larkins not only in the order he haul received from his employer's heiress, but in her openly bestowed admiration of mr howard. the manager looked after their retreating figures as they entered the house, mlsn janie hanging on her favourite's arm, and looking up into his face with eyes brimfull of of meaning, while hloward walked firmly onward, seeming to bestow neither attention nor neglect upon his companion; hlie simply permitted himself to be appro- printed, that was all, although his conscience   had often assured him that he had already permitted it too long. " well, i'm blowcd i" soliloquised the handsome larkins, when they had entirely disappeared, " what a blessed fool he must te to stand it. he cares no more for her than a staghound cares for a chattering jay. i wondcr girls are not ashamed of themselves who go and hang on a man that way ; it is enough to disgust any man who has the feelings of one, faugh !" and the unamiable larkins turned on his heel with a sneer and walked round to the offices. " i've been like a hen on a hot griddle ever sinee yesterday, mr fred, why to gracious didn't you come tlast night ? oh, i've had such a letter from papa ; such news, and i was dying to tell you all about it, dcar mr. fred." dear mr fred threw himself into a com. fortable chair to enable him to do which he was obligedl to draw his arm onet, more from miss janie's embrace. he did inot look very ardent, i must confess, nor very eager to hear the young lady's wonderful news; and a little cloud, just a very little oue, passed. over the self-satisfied features of the squatter's daughter. " upon my word, you don't care a bit !" she cried pettishly, as she seated herself close beside mr howard. " well, if you don't, i don't see why i should ! at any rate, all our comfort is over ; we shall not be all in all to each other any more, nor spend these delightful long evenings together, and no one to listen or carry stories" " all in all to each other? what do yon mean, janie ?" inquired fred, sitting up, rather uneasily in his chair, and feeling that much tried conscience of his knocking very loudly at the door of his judgment. and what is all this about listening and carrying stories ?" miss janie chose to shirk the first question   and reply to the last. " because papa has sent me word that he is going to bring home an old frump of a thing with him, as a com- panion, or gouvernante, or something. in short, i'm too young, he says, to be entrusted   with the management of an establishment, such as wongawarra, now that poor mamma's gone; and he thinks that no young girl ought to be permitted to live so entirely alone and unrestricted as i do." "is that all?" was mr howard's careless phrase, as he resumed once again his easy posture on the conch. "all ! and is it not enough ? upon my word, mr fred, i thought you cared more for me than to feel so little as that ! i don't care a straw about an old companion, or whatever she is, i'm sure, for i can soon put her in her own place; but i did think that you'd be sorry that—that—that we couldn't be so much together and so comfortable." and a red flush of anger mounted into the girl's disappointed looking face. frederick howard rose up from his seat, and walked uneasily toward one of the open windows. it was impossible for him any longer to affect blindness toward the sentiments of this demonstrative young lady. twenty times slnce the recent death of mrs beveridge had he felt that the forward girl's conduct toward himself had exceeded the bounds of prudence, and that his own most proper course would have been to put a stop to it at once; but fred howard was a man, and possessed of all a man's vanity, and it flattered as well as amused him to be the subject of the heiress's openly exhibited regard, little as he recipro- cated it. besides, he had known janie beveridge for seven years. she had grown from a child into a young woman almost impercepti- bly during his neighborly intimacy with the family at wongawarra. she had made him the reciplent of all her childish troubles and girlish secrets, and wound up by bestowing her volatile heart upon him, with the full confidence that her unbidden affection was reciprocated. she was his chosen partner at the ball, his companion in many a lonely ride. his escort was ever available at any notice for a visit to the distant town, or a drive to return some neighborly visit. they were ever together, and it is no wonder that the country coupled their names. he was ever obedient to her beck and call, and, until very lately, had never given himself the slightest trouble to analyse from what feeling her favors were so openly bestowed upon him; or, if he had for a moment thought of the matter, it was but to conclude that the silly girl liked to boast of her power over the handsomest man in her circle ; and he permitted her to illustrate its apparent strength with a care- lessness that had indeed no feeling in the affair.   the too plain words of janie beveridge had almost disgusted the sensitive feeling of fred howard, and for one moment, as he angrily walked toward the window, he had almost used language as plain as her own ; but as he stood there, looking out on the lovely land- scape of wangawarra, and the low sun redly gilding the bosom of the clear goulburn, better feelings prevailed, and he remem- bered that he himself was greatly to blame in having permitted her unchecked feelings to have been indulged so freely. he remem- bered, too, how long mrs beveridge had been an invalid, and how entirely without motherly control the girl had grown up. " tell me, janie," he said, controlling his feelings with an effort, and returning to her side, "tell me all about this new arrange-   ment of mr beveridge. whom is he going to bring with him, and when does he return ?" the flighty girl's face brightened up at the question, and nothing more was necessary to encourage all her usual exhibition of familiarity. gathering his arm in to her with both her hands, a favorite caress of janie boveridge's, she commenced her relation anew. " i'm so glad to see you come back again, mr fred ! i was afraid you had taken the huff at me. you so often take the huff now. dear mr fred you are not angry with me ?" the pleading question was enforced by a half embrace ; the self deluded girl laying her head on fred's shoulder and looking up into his eyes with a craving affection. never had frederick howard felt so guilty or so weak. was it a premonition of approaching events that gave him courage to speak ? "janie, you must remember that you are no longer a child," he said, lifting her gently from her reclining posture on his shoulder ; "if any person were to see you now, what would he think ?" "think ! what do i care what they think ? indeed, mr fred, what people think is the last thing that troubles me, how you do talk, to be sure, as it everybody doesn't know that we've always been like — " "everybody knows that we are and always have been good friends, janie," interrupted howard. he didn't add — "and no more," as he felt that he ought to have done ; but he was weak, and knew it. "but you have not yet explained to me any of the particulars of your father's note, janie." "oh, i will show the note to you, mr fred ; it is here in my pocket ;" and the girl felt for it among a host of miscellaneous articles in an untidy pocket. "no ; it is gone. i must have drawn it out with my handkerchief. but never mind, i can tell you all about it. it is a miss alston—a miss ellinor alston—who comes home with papa to correct poor miss janie, and remodel her manners." " miss ellinor alston !" the face of frederick howard grew deathly white. his very lips would have shown their ashy hue had it not been for the dark silky moustache that shaded them. it was no longer necessary for miss janie to suppose that he had no interest in her story, for the generally cool man of the world rambled like a child. "did you say alston, janie ?—ellinor   alston ? " he enquired, holding the back of an arm chair with a firm grasp. "are you sure you are not mistaken ? '" "quite certain, mr fred ; but whatever is the matter with you ? dear mr fred, you are ill." "i am, janie. i must go home. i have not b:een well all day, good night—good evening janie ; i'll come back again soon and be introduced to your gouvernante;" and with a forced smile frederick howard   hastily wrung the staring girl's hand, and went out. jane beveridge was too well accustomed to the brusque ways of mr howard to be very much astonished at this termination to the interview to which she had looked for- ward with such a craving; but she was more astonished than under similar circumstances, she had ever been before. hitherto, when her appropriated cavalier had left her side in such a hurried way she had generally offended his nice sense of propriety in some outrageous manner, or ruffled his not very even temper with some of her pert speeches. nor had he been wont hitherto to part with her in so friendly a manner after one of her escapades. how firm was the pressure of his hand ! dear fellow, how agitated he looked. the silly girl stood at the window and watched his figure fast fading away on the darkening plain. the disappointment of her hopes of an uninterrupted evening of delicious chat with her favourite would have filled her eyes with tears, had not her strong self-love found a balm in even the behaviour that had so dlsappointed her. "dear fellow !" she soliloquised in a   sentimental mood; "he tried to hide his feelings, but he cannot from me; i know them too well. he was as much put out about this miserable old woman comlng as i am myself. he loves me dearly, i know he does ; and it won't be my fault if miss alston stops long st wongawarra." a week had passed since frederick howard had parted so abruptly from miss beveridge       chapter ii   ohiyikpr' xii 'a 'a w eek , b a d ,ptpuan d .eln co fi f nd driok ow'drbai l s p.~od guo, abrupty from mug f hueridg and: thine daye since mr beveridgei harit uldv ,d4,w,,qn avraa, bragingith him ..4iiiufo i ll~letoui % ."wbom:1 hai britten;   yet mlr howard had not again visited the station. things were going on badl1 for miss janie, who had found in ellinor alaton a beautiful arsd strong-minded woman, who wis evidieitly determined to hold the trpst repeosed in her by mr beveridge with a firm hand. at first miss jani" had tried to patronise miss alston, but the attempt was met by a cool, calm smile, that overwhelmed the silly girl with ridicule. then she had tried to make a confidante of the housekeeper, as aho persisted in calling miss alston behind her back, and here she was more successful. ellinor alston listened to janio's minau deries, with the smiling attentiveness that she would have bestoavd upon a silly child, until she spoke of frederick howard, and then the changing of colour and trembling hand might have told an acute observer that the subject was a deeplyaffecting one to the listener. but, fortunately for miss alston, the prattling janlo was not an acute obecr. ver, and she did not notice the deep feeling aroused in the boaons of ellinor alston by the sound of fred iioward's name. a week, then, hid passed, and miss alaton was sitting, one lovely morning, at the open window of the breakfast room at wonga. warra. ellinor alston was a picture of almost perfect womanliness as she sat there and gazed out on the (to her) strange beauty of an aust:nlian spring morning. her work, some household sawing that had occupied her fingers, had fallen on to her lap, and her large dark, lustrous eyes were full of melancholy njoyment as they drank in the full of beauty of hill and creek, rock and river. ellinor alaton was more than thirty years old, but she was far more beautiful than an ordinary girl in the first flush of womanhool. she was tall and erect, and of a beautifully moulded figure, whose chief characteristics were dignity and grace. hair of the darkest brown, glossy and wavy, swept from a i forehead full of thought but not oulined with care. indeed, care had walked hand in hand with fair ellinor alston for so many long years that it was no wonder ihe had placed his seal upon her so't cheeks, and filled thoseodark eyes with melancholy sweetness. at a little distance from her lounged janie beveridge in an armchair, idly drawing the l chain of her watch through her fingers. there was an expression of petulance on her pert features that foreshadowed a storm, and oven in the tone of her voice as she addressed miss alston " i'm sure i don't know what you see out there to stare at, miss alaton. gooudnes knows, tho station and all upon it are eyesores to me," " you are not comp!imentary this morning,"replied ellinor, turning toward her with a bright smile ; " but 1 am not tired yet of wongawarra. i never saw a more lovely i scone in my life than the one oi look upon at i this moment i the enthusiasm of hiss aleton was loeston t the matter-of..fact miss janfe. o " i wonder what on earth has become of \- mr fred i "she exclaimed ; giving her chain san angry tug that nearly snapped it. " i do believe you have frightened him away, miss alston. we have never been separated so e longbefore i never i" there was no reply. ellinor still gazed out of the open indow, and her face was 1 averted from the speaker. t "i don't know what else itcan be that a keeps him away. i'm sure he is too tond of me to remain away willingly." "does mr howard know that there is a r miss elllnor alston heor ?" at length asked the silent listener. " did you mention my o name tohim i " e " of course i did. i tell mr fred every, thing. mr fred and i are-are--" t " engaged, janie 7" v the half smile that accompanied this f question, which was uttered by miss alston with her dfrk eyes fixed keenly on miss f beveridge'sface irritatedthe already angry r girl, and, with flashing eyes and a red face, she burst into a passion of words at miss alston. "what business is that of yours miss alston ? presently you'll presume to prevent me from being engaged, i suppose. a pretty to-do, indeed. is my father to bring home a woman to interfere with me and my-my a," and hero miss janle stopped suddenly in the most utter confusion. r standing on the verandah, close to miss alston, were mr beveridgo and frederick howard.. the lattershe could perceive trying to draw back from an unwelcome scone of recrimination, while on her father's usually kind face was impressed an anger the had never witnessed before. "what is this?" he asked sharply, step ping into the room ; "what impertinent language is this that you are permitting your, self to use to miss alston, girl 7" " and pray who is miss alston, that she should not listen to anything i chose to say to her 7-who is she, that your daughter must be treated like a whipped child by her? i have not so long been the heiress of wongawarra to be controlled to-day by the first adventuress you choose to bring into it i" rignt the squatter's face grew dark with emotion. ellinor had arisen from her seat, and in her r beautiful features a more than natural pallor had overspread itself. she sustained herself by holding the back of the chair, with aer i face averted from the window and her eyes 'bent upon the floor, her trembling limbs almost refusing to support her. " come hero, elllnor, my love," said mr sbeveridge, in a tone strangely calm ; " this r; romantic notion of yours will not do. this petulant girl needs the humility that the knowledge you would withhold from her will, it is to be hoped, bring to her. you ask who this lady is, janie ; you would lave known before had she not wished to spare yen. her name is ellinor aletoo, it is true, but it is also elllnor alston bavorridgeo, and she is my' daughter, janloe, and year elder sister. i had a wifto before i married your mother, 'my girl, and a wife whom i deservedly loved, mr howard, let me ilntro.* duoo you to hiss bevesidge, the heiress of wvongawarra." frrederick howard lifted his eyes from the floor, and they met those of elinor flxed on himn with a sad meaning. his face grew white, and all the pained blood suloged into his heart, to throb there as if each throb would bhe the last. one short look was alone exohanged-a look ii which might have been read the gathered hopes and fears of years; and then fred howard, the oeasy and the debonnaire, bowed distantly and hurried from the verandah. there was another pair of dark eyes fixed on frederick as he hurried towards the river to asit down and think painfully beside the quiet water-eyes' that' brightened up strangely as the owner turned from the vicinity of the open window. they belonged to georgo larkins, who had been an unons peoted observer, as well as listener, during the scene. "ho, ho i" he muttered, as he walked away; "so there's a new heiress to wongan warra, and mr fred is cut up about it. i'm afraid miss jenio will be disappointed in her hopes now, as her chief attraction is gone. sby -," he cried, suddenly turning and lec his raised hand in the direction of howard's disappearing digure, "he'd better let her go, for i'll have her in spite of a thousand devils," . surely, miss janie's humiliation would have been, salved considerably if she had known the high value set upon'her by george larklns; and she was fated to know it sooner than oven mr larkins himsolf in tended. ,as hbe was turning from' the front verandah, with the intention of going towhrd the aflecce, janie herself, flooded in tears, hurriedr from another window of the bre'k* ifast room. ignorant of his preseace oshe weas hastening away in the bitterness of her dies, appointment tohidoe her grief in the garden, leaving her father and ellinor to think of her nas they would, 'i a sudden impaleo stayed the steps of the young man.i 8lezing the hand of the agitated girl as ashe tried to pass him, heoburast into a k passionatodclaration of the affection that cvonred him. .. : • ' ", 'i hay0 heard it all, jaile," he tiaid, a how they have choosed you outout your birthnigh, and turned yot line isweethebst.t's   mind against you. what did he care for yoa f any one could see that it was won. gawarra station he coveted. look at him now, flying to hide among the wattles i but he'll come back soon and talk lora;in the cars of our noew heiress i jnnie, girv me your band, and we'll ask this old fool of a father of yours to show is the certificate of his marriage with miss alston's mother.' dsarcely had the hissing words left the speaker's lips, and janio was still staring in his face with unnisguised astonishment, when a shadow seemed to flash betwoen them and george larkins was felled to the floor. " scoundrel," shouted the voice of mr b3evetidge, who, with features inflamed with passion, stood over the prostrate coward ; " is it so you requite the man whose folly saved you from prison? got up and leave my sight. should it ever encounter your form again i will lash you blind with your own whip."       chapter iii   cihapter i[i. up on the spur of the wougawarra ranges whore the huge granite rocks were piled like toys of a giant's children, the morning sun warm iawl wooing, flooded the green wattles with glory. grey old trees, drooping and lonely, gathered together to shield sparkling houllers, or spread gaunt arms down toward the dark gorge that gunrded wongawarra creek, ere it stole out into the sunshine on the grassy plain, bhds rang out such rippling music through the peppermint folinago no must have assured even a blind man that spring had found the ranges; and on the patches of living grass that hell the sun rays all so fondly, stately magpies stalked proudly, and gurgled out music in the solitudes of wuongawarra such as no words can describ,. let those who say that australia has no songebird go to wongawarra, and listen to the flood of melody that pours from the throat of our australian nightingale. he who can listen to the full, thrilling, gushing, gurgling notes of our proud magpie, without feeling his heart swell with sweet pain, and a rush of home though's gather into his bosom and fill his eyes with tears, has no ear for the music of nature. let him pass onward and mingle with the crowds that seek for wealth in crowded streets; he has no part in the lonely beauty of wongawarra. as the sun climbed higher and higher above the ranges until it topped the trees that grew up on the highest ridge, a horse man reached the foot of the acclivity, and dismoun;el topermit hinstced to walk quiet y up the r?cky and ragq channelled track. the horseman was frederick howard, and he walked on betide the animal with his eyes fixed on the road ouser which he passed as one in deep thought. and melancholy thoughts, if one might judge from the sad expression that lay hid in those drooped eyes. with a mechanical hand he held the bridle, moving onward, step by step, with his head bent down so low that the brim of his bat hid the deep shadow on his forehead. about half way down the range a tiny stream-a stray from the gathered waters of the wongawarra creek-crossed the tr ok, and, after widening into a little pool, under a sparkling rock, fell down intoa deep gorge that rent the hill. here fred's horse paused to drink, and lifting up his dreamy eyes, fred himself saw something that first ga thered all his hot blood into his heart, and then sent it surging painfully into his face. seated on a pieceof granite, under a large boulder, was ellinor baveridge. she was gazing down the steep gorge which lay at her feet, and wondering much at the strange beauty of the scene, when the sound of the horse's feet startled her, and she turned suddenly to meet the eyes of frederick howard. involuntarily she started to her feet, while face and neck became one vivid flush, only to fade out again with a breath, and leave the fair, statuesque features as white as a lily. where had they met last, those two that looked into each other's souls through dark inquiring eyes ? one might have thought that worlds depended on the look, while the unconscious horse dranki patiently of the limpid waters of wongawarra. "and is it thus we meet, elllnor ?" said freder ok, in deep, sad tones, " thus, after years-years ?" "even thus," she answered quietly, letting her eyes drop from those of howard, " and so we must part," she added, with a smile that was an agony. "i have strayed far to fa millarise myself with australian nature, and must return," and with that painful smile and a gentle bow, the graceful woman turned to go. " nol" cried frederick, with fierce and sudden passion; "no, ellinor, we will pot part thusl my god, are you stone?-hard, cold, unfeeling astone? ellinor,.ellinnr, you dare not leave me, without seign or asighl" and he laid his fingers on her arm, to stay her progress. "rwhat would you have?" she asked, up lifting her dark arched brows, with a smile that had become halt ecornful. " what is it that you would have?" "the past," he cried vehemently; " i would have the past, with its rich treasurol give me back the past and yoiur love, my elllnor-m-y ellinorl" the beautiful woman's lip trembled even under its scornful curve; but she shook her head sadly, and tried'to draw hier arm from the grasp of frederick. " let me go," she said, "the past is dead." "and your love? oh, ellimorl do not say thatl those long, lost yearsl elllnor, speak to me-you will kill mel why have you hidden from me, only to turn from me at last?" "ask janie," she roplied, turning on him her full gaze-a gaze full of reproach and pain, "ask my young sister janle, why i have hidden from you while you took my love away to bestow it upon her, go to wonga warra, and' comfort my sister jane; she is very sad without her lover." i-llinor drew her splendid form up to its full height as she spoke these bitter words, but their effect upon fred howard was a different one to that which she had antici pated. throwing the bridle of his patient horse from him, as it were indeed a thing of little moment-- "'oh, ellinor, is that all?" he cried. " 1 swear to you that my heart has never wan dered from you for one moment, during all those farted'years. oh, my darling, my darling, am i then indeed so foolish in your eyes, that you judge meso harshly f foolish and imprudent i may have been-vain of a silly child's preference, perh spe-but false to your love, neverl my lovel my ellinorl" and the deeply agitated man leaned against the hard stone near himand burst into a passion of sobs, 'the tears of manhoodl-- how painful they are to witness, and how painful they must be to shedl frederfick-the cold-.seeming, calm, and careless fred howard-wept there with ar more bltterness than a woman weeps in er greatest troubles. eveory sob setmed to rend his heart to pieces, although he d:shed the tears away angrily as they would burst from his eyes in floods and hide from his longing vision the woman for whom he wept. oand she was worth weeping for-the proad~looklng woman that stood looking there so coldly on the grief of frederick howard. but when he saw through his tears only that cold scorn on the lips of the woman he loved, and turned his face away that ho might not see it again, the scorn died away from around the'beautiful mouth, the erec: form relaxed, and theb dark eyes filled with loving tears. sho were no woman to witness unmoved tlhe distress of the man she loved, and the dark hair tossed so canrolessly over the white' forehead she had so often kissed the dark glossy, hair amid whicfoh her fingers even now craved to wander, as of old-that dark brown hair, tossed against the cold rook upon which frederick leaned, con quered, and she was a loving woman once more, "fred," she gadsped, lsngher ha·dha over his shoulder, and,~endlng. down her proud head to look into in averted fac, thore was tnglo in t tons, e\:,ii a moe   ment the joyous arms of frederiok were clasped around elliner, and the sabdes of wongawarra banges bore wineess to the reno`we-ye s of husband and wild 1o g parted. " ilow gladly ho penred into ellino-'s ear the story o-hla intimacy with jane lbovq., ridge; how, since her.childhood.alo hbd appropriated his attention, and how hae hd lately begun to feel that she hal mis       chapter iv   chapter iv. christmas morning at wongawarra. on the bosom of the glad goulburn eslver ripples gave back merrily the brilliant sann rays that greeted the waters; and, as it in emulation, wongawarra creek spread its broadest belt to catch the glitter-like sheets of polished glass. the green fol.ago on the banks looked greener, the blue of a summer sky bluer and brighter, and the very song of the magpie, as he walked proudly over his dominion at wongawarra, pounded more sweetly than usual in the influence of that glorious sunlit morning, been ellinor oeveridgo, as she stopped to the verandah to gather into her eoea the beauty of her first australian christmas, looked more beautiful than was o(en her wont. the soft muslin robe that added additional grace to her form, the dafk per. fumed bands of shining hair, the soft happy smile that enriched her lips, were al worthy of a woman who loves and is bolov l. we had almost said worthy of a bride, lit long years had flown since ellinor aisleon had become a bride. ellinor was as full of happiness that it scarcely needed the sweet beauty; of the landscape to increase it; yet she looked lovingly on the sweeping plains and the scattered sheep. her eyes ranged ovor blue bill and bright river, down the winding creek, and far away where the dark forest line hid the horizon; but lovingly they lingered on the road that wound up wonga. warra ranges, for down that track reoderick would soon come to keep ohristmas at the station. while she yet stood gazing stroad, her bead almost wreathed with tholoanes of the vine that hung on the trelliso of the verandah, a groom brought a saddled horse round to the front door, and mr 3overidge came out hastily and prepared to mount. "going away on christmas morning, papa i surely it is not necessary." " i must, illinor, my love, and i am very sorry for it. i have jest received a letter which obliges me to go to camperd>wn. nay, my girl," he added, as he saw the cloud that fell upon her bright face, 'd' not fret. when i tell you that it is necessary to save a friend from much suffering this pleasant christmas morning, you will no longer wish me to stay. i hope to be home in two hours, ellinor; so kiss me, and let me go ;" and the father pressed his lips to those of his oldest daughter for the very last time. yes, for the last time. how glad was elllnor, in after days, that her poor father had not forgotten that last embrace l and that she watched him until his form had disappeared up the winding road, janie sat moodily in the front parlor on this beautiful christmas morning, her plump figure carelessly attired, and an expression of bitterness on her face, when ellinor entered the room from the verandah. " why, janie, is it here you are this lovely morning ? no dross to prrparo for our oven. lug, janie ; no pretty ribbons to twine into rosettes ?" "ribbon i who cares for those stupid people who are coming to- night? there is not a single decent fellow in the lot," she pouted. " not young ellis, sister mine 1" asked ellinor, arckly. " i thought he used to be a favorite. have i not heard you say so ?" " is harrycome back ? and is he coming ? oh, i am so glad ; he's the very best dancer in the district, ant used to be so fond of me. but that is fouryears ago," she added, with a half sigh. "when you were a child, janie. if he was fond of you then, you have now a greater certainty of his affection than ever. go, janie, and make up your prettiest rosettes for harry ellin,"said ellinor, with a emile ; "i am going to take a stroll up the ranges." and so she passed oat, a woman in the full perfection of maturel beauty-a woman whose every movement was grace and dignity. very beautiful sho looked, with the broad. leaved hat casting its shadow over her bright eyes, as she crossed the plain nod climbed enjoyingly up the shaded road that crossed wongawarra range, you know she was going to meet her husband, frederick howard, and each happy moment deepened the smile on her lips, for she knew that it brought her nearer to his embrace. she had intended to go as far as the srot where the little stream widened, and where sha and her beloved had first met alone after nearly sixteen long years of separation. but she thought she was early, and a cluster of scarlet flowers hanging from the sprays of a creeper, on one of the grey rocks above her tempted her footetops, and she turned from the path and climbed up the steep until she had reached the flowers and gathered them. once, there, however, the beauty of the scene stretched beneath her wooed her stay. wongawarra was so beautiful i -beautiful in the early morning, with the dew lying thickly upon every blade of verdure, and the foe rolling densely over the hidden goulburn beautiful it noon, when the burning rays of a summer sun shot down goldenly to sparkle on the waters and filter through the peppermint branches, under the shade of which lay the flocks of grey sheep for their noonday rest beattiful in the evening, while the shadows grow long and lay upon the river, and when the inauging-jackass sounded his notice of night hoarsely in the old gum branches. beaonutiful wongawarraon the goulburn i ellioorsat down upon a fragment of rock to rost and to gaze. herface was toward the' homestead away in the middle of the plain, with the grey lines of smoke ascending from its chimneys straight up into the pore heaven and her back was toward the range: over which she would watch the coming of frederick, a distantsound caughtbher.ear. was it the sound of his horse's feet ? she rose and peeped over the ledgeof granite that lay between her and the lower level at which the road crossed. yes, there was a horse. man coming quietly over the spur, bntit was not her husband; it was mr beveridge. she watched him with a happ smile on her lips, and a girlish inclination t call onut to him as he so unconsoiously pas e.' she wondered how that strange uetralian "cooee " would sound among the ocks and from her unaccustomed lips, but o? checked the inclination, and remembered that she was no longer a girl. ab, if she lad only aonlled at tha eventful momenti if she had only awak ned the echoes of wongawarra ranges to the sound of a human voice, all might hare been welll for at the very instant she wa about to draw back and descend the rock, a noise immediately beneath the orag over which she had looked made her once more beniid over, and there shesaw a sight that engraved itself on her memory until death. theoye was a man beneath the rock standing in thebo shadeof a clump of trees, and hiding cautiously behind one of their trunks. almost as she saw and recognisod him, he raised his arm and disoharged a revolver that rang out a sharp, short roportin the stillness of the ranges. one terrified glance at the beloved figure of her father, now fast dig appearing from view behind a treoassnured her of a terrible truth; be had fallen from his horse, and was lying prone on his face on the grassy earth.. it seemed like a dream to the bewildered woman, were these trees and rooks that she looked on real ?-was she herself ellinor deoveridge, who so lately, left home ,in the perfect enjoyment of loing lifo -wane s he really the same.elllnor, and was that her dear father lying, there so quietly, while the hoofs of, his terrified steed rang out down the distant road as it wildly gallopoel h.me. ward ? ,. and the murderel my god, the mhrdererl she, neither screamed .nor lainted, but a dread1ut determination tosecumr this manaor   man's justice filled her hosom. once more she looked over the rook, and she saw him steal away through the trees, while the echoes of another horse's feet came quickly down the range. ellinor &carce; waited to think if this was.i er lover'saepproach, so full of fearwa sabi that the i aderor weqld escape. shb nqvcr thought'of her .ftiher or of flying to his tsaiatance; for she felt, that he was dead; hat in a bewzildered madness, that was but the precursor of insensibility, she commenced to rapidly descend to the spot from whence had been fired the fatal shot. at the foot of the tree where the assassin had stood lay a bit of white paper. picking it up hurriedly, she was about to hasten on the track of the flying man; but it had been more than ellinor could boar, and she sank to the ground in a swoou, her lanst ight being a view of her dead father, iying quiet on the grass.       chapter v   ch?apter v. yllinor boveridge never know how long she had lain there in the quiet shadow of the rocks that had witnessed a fearful crime, but when she arose weakly from the ground and tried to steady her trembling limbs by holding on to the rough tree where the murderer had leaned, her dizzy eyes refused to second her efforts to discover the body of her murdered father. a few moments, however, brought a little strength, and then she saw that there was no longer a stilly form lying on the grass; it had disap. peared. terrified and astonished, but recalling rapidly that she must have lain there long, ellinor hastened to the spot where mr ileveridge lad fallen to the award. it wad not hard to discover, for on the soft grasa a broad patch of red had changed the p.eaaent hue of vertlure into a painfully, a fearfully suggestive one of blood. a shudder ran through the frame of the distracted ellinor, and for the first time she realised that she had lost the dear parent whom she had only lately recovered after a separation of years. she must return to the homestead instantly, and ere the thought had well germinated, she was flying from the terrible: place like one in delirium. doubtless,they had acken her poor father to the homo he had so long made happy by his love to the dead and to the living. her rapid feet soon made the distance less betwcon her and the homestead of grey stone ombowered in its rich sua rounding of foliage, antl she was scarcely conscious of time ore she stood once more on the verandah from which she had looked out on wongawarra with such a happy hoert but a few short hours agone. what was thi ? there was a buzz of voices in the diningroom-voices strangely loud in the vicinity of death; and on the verandah, peering into the room through the open french windows stood two or three servants, their faces expressive of the utmost astonishment and terror. pushing them aside with an impetuous movement, ellinor stepped into the apartment, and stood gazing with extended eyes on the fearful scene before her for one pitiful moment of in action. upon the long table in the contro of the chamber lay what ellinor's heart told her was the body of her parent, a stiff, im movable form, covered hastily with a heavy shawl that belonged to poor ellinor, and which she herself had thrown upon the arm of a couch on the previous evening. at a little distance from the body stood george larkins, with his arms folded, and a sneerof triumph on his handsome face. he was gazing at another ligure, who, directly opposite to ellinor beveridge, was indig nantly trying to free himself from the grasp of two troopers. picture to yourself the feelings of the loving and faithful woman when she recognised in this struggling figure her lover, frederick howard. the face of frederick was scarlet with passion, and the veins on his temples were swollen up like whipcord. " unhand me, villains i" he was saying in deep concentrated accents, as if not even in such an extremity could he forget the preteonce of death; "on the word of a worthless wretch such as he dare you arrest me for the murder of my best and oldest friend l" as soon, however, as ellinor's shadow darkened the floor, and his passionate eyes fell upon that white, terrified face, as ahe stood like one petrilied opposite to him,his efforts ceased at once, and an expression of the deepest despair fell upon his burning face. " what i" she cried, as his last words fell upon her bursting ear, " what is that yon have said, frederick? arrest you-you for the murder of my father i stand back, police i" she exclaimed, darting to the side of the prisoner, and passing her protecting arms around him; "stand back, and touch my husband at your peril i look at me, darling: look at your wife i fear not il they shall not touch a hair of your dear head i" involuntarily, perhaps, the grasp of the policemen relaxed as the devoted wife threw herself upon her husband's breast; and frederick's arms gathered up the precious burden to his heart as if he would never part with it again. " some fearful misunderstanding, my own darling," he whispered; "but be strong, it will soon be cleared up." the words recalled ellinor to a sense of her position, and she withdrew herself from her husband's embrace. like an incarnation of justice and retribution, she turned toward george larkins, who, in glad enjoyment of the scone, smiled esroastically as his eye met that of ellinor. "you had better look out," he said sneer. ingly to the policemen; " your prisoner will escape." " no, he will not i" she said. " troopers, arrest thin man, i saw him fire the shot that killed my fatherl oh, no," she cried, as the miserable assassin tried to bound past her and escape the fate which was now overtaking him, " even a weak woman can hold a murderer i" arid she clung to him until the handcuffs were clasped upon his wrists, and rendered his further efforts at escape futile.       chapter vi   chapter vi. larkin's plan of revengo and murder had been well laid, and nothing but the provl. dential digression of ellinor from the track, to pluck the soarlet flowers of the range, had prevented it from being fatal to fred. howard, as well as to poor mr beveridge. it was his forged letter, a copy of which ellinor had picked up under the tree, that had drawn the charitable squatter from his home on that lovely ohristmas morning, and the villain had timed his work well so that his revenge should be a double one. he hated frederick howard as a mean spirit must hate all that is noble, and good, and opposite to itself-hated him with the hatred of envy which even demons must feel if they discover a virtue which they can envy but are incapable of feeling. and, besides, frederick had stepped between him and his early affection for janio beveridge, and the humiliation of his snoposed rival would at least be a balm to hisdisapnointment. for he had no chance with the petted child of wongawarra. she considered him so entirely beneath her that his expressed feel ings were an insult; and so, with every bitterness of heart of which bad humanity is capable, george larkins set about revenging, at one stroke, the insult put upon him by mr beveridge at the moment of his die. graced dismissal, and the proud bearing of fred howard. he had found out the hour at which frederick was expected to join the party at the station, and laid his plans accordingly. it was fred's horses' feet that ellinor had heard'coming over the range, and fred was the first who passed the road after larkins had fired the fatal shot, and, with natural hsrror, had dismounted and tried to lift up the dead mn, and turn him to a more easy position. finding that he was really gone past all help, fred stood beside the corpse in a maze of horror and wonder, when larklns appeared, and, with paeolonato insult, accused him of the murder.' and so, whileo ellinor was'lybig inshenible   under the tree, george larkins had gathered assistance from the station, and the corpse was carried home to wongaiwarra-a solemn sight that s:r,ny christmise morning. frederick howard followed on liko a man in abewildering dream, guarded,' owever, by the denionstrative larkions. it:washe ito /who had denpathed ,a messebger to the nearest polloe station, and who arranged the tableau that haul nearly killed ellinor beveridge when she stepped from the veran. dah and witnessed it, it was days after, when the first pain of a gr-at desolation had passed from wonga. warra-when the dead father had been carried away, and laid to sleep beside his last wife-that ellinor sat beside her be loved husband under the vine-shaded veran dah, and told the subdued janie the story of her life. dusk was fallingdown mistily on the goulburn, and the soft moonlight was beginning to spread faintly over the grassy plain, and glimmer on wongawarra creek. the lonely curlew was screaming down the river, and the monotone of the strange mopoko sounded for away in the forest, when ellinor, holding her husband's hanl in hers, told janilhow she had won and lost him. how, long ago, their widowed father left an only child at a quiet school in fair eng. land; and how frederick howard had stolen and kept for sixteen long years a heart that had never strayed from him. flow they were marriodhby stealth, and she returned to her school while he went to the far away land of gold to win a home for his bride. how she chafed at her father's second marriage and refused to share a roof with his new wife, and then how she went out in the world and taught those accomplishments for a living that she had learnol at school. and then she told, with falling tears, that frederick howard proudly kisoe away, how rumor had severed her from her distant husband- how she had heard that another love had driven her memory out of his heart -how she hid from his letters and refused to be comforted-until at length her step. mother's death brought her to wvongawarrn, to lose her good father and find a long lost husband. "an entirely your own, my darling ellinor, as when we parted on our bridal day i never for one moment, my beloved wife, has my heart strayed from you to the side of any woman-never, never i ' and janie rose quietly from the side of the wedded lovers, and stole from the shadowed verandah unnoticed ; while night, full of the music of nature-full of breeze. rustlld ounds, and the far cries of birds, and the ripple of flowing water- closed around wonvawarra.        17		lost in the winning   chapter 1 & 2 maggie's secret   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   chapter i.   "maggie's secret."   by "dramingo."   rather a neat title that, i think. tell you how i came to think of it. you see i'm a very old bird, i've seen any quantity of vanity and wickedness amongst you men and women ; so, as   i thought it a pity that all this experience should stand a chance of being utterly lost to the world, i determined to publish; and naturally the first thing i wanted was a title. i'd thought of a good many, but could not get one to please me; and it so happened that one morning, after i'd been down the street a short way to interview a dog who generally goes to sleep in the sun outside a butcher's shop at about 10 in the morning (excuse my english getting rather involved at times - l'm only a magpie): - well, i caught him sound as a top, gave him a satisfactory dig that sent him howling dismally into the shop, and came home with the calm feeling of satisfaction that every magpie feels who has done his duty, when i heard the bouncer (that's one of our girls) prac- tising. i hopped in at the window, hoping to get a sly peck at her, for she and i don't agree ; and there she was, chirruping away—"l tell them they need not come wooing to me;" which was all gammon, for nobody did come wooing to her, and she would have been the very last to have told them not to, if they had. but i have a habit of rambling, which you must excuse. to return: i was hopping slyly across the room, hoping to get a dig at her ankles (for she's got lovely ankles—to peck, i mean. she's fat—to put it plainly—and she will wear tight boots ; so just above her boots is a splendid place for me to get a good dig at; when i do she feels it, i can assure you). but what a discursive old bird i am. as i said before, i was half-way across the room, when the happy thought struck me that there was a title for my memoirs in the song she was singing—"maggie's secret" of course; and in the enthusiasm evoked by this discovery i emitted a loud and triumphant whistle. the bouncer turned round, and at once floored me with a book that was handy ; for i was not sharp enough to dodge, being en tranced by my late discovery. she had the best of it that time. there are four in the family i live with—two boys and two girls. jack, he's the eldest; he's about eight-and-twenty. he and i are great friends; he taught me all the nice things i know; he taught me how to swear. agatha— that's the bouncer—she's next; we hate each other like poison. she owns to three-and- twenty, and yet — knowing all the family secrets — i know she is only two years younger than jack; how can you account for that! i've learnt all manner of names to call her when we quarrel—sylph, fairy,   steam-roller, &c.; ; but when i'm real angry i just say "small sixes," and clear out. after agatha comes my girl—clara. i've made a will and left her all my little savings, that are planted about queensland generally. she will probably have a good deal of trouble in finding some of them, for i've even forgotten sorne of my plants myself ; but, bless her, she'll know that i meant well. you see i've known clara since she was a baby—since i first came to live with them when they had a station up-country ; consequently i feel that i have had a good deal to do with her education—in fact may be said to have superin tended it—and i'm rather proud of her. she's the brightest prettiest girl in queensland, at least i think so; maybe it's because l am getting old and don't think the others so good-looking as i used to when i was young. james is the next and youngest. clara is twenty, and he's nine teen. next to the bouncer i think i hate him; he's a confirmed young prig already, and when i want to annoy him i call out jim ! i say, "jim! jim! have some beer." james has got a friend—a mr. bloomington ; he's very rich, got a share in a station, and a sandy moustache ; lends out money too. you see i know all these things, and a lot more, because people will talk before me ; they think l am only a magpie, or that l am asleep. catch a magpie asleep! lord ! i remember mr. bloomington well enough, although i was a little bothered at first. it was yean ago, just after i first got married, that i saw him. we had a nest in a big apple tree near a lagoon, and a shepherd used to come there with his sheep in the middle of the day ; many a time i've snapped my bill in his face as he passed our nest. he had a dog called balley, and mrs. mag and i could whistle and call "balley" as well as possible after a short time. don't i remember this shepherd and his green eyes and red hair, and did not a vague kind of association, a memory of the bush, come so gently o'er me stealing as i watched mr. bloomington come in to our drawing-room and sit awkwardly down on the edge of a chair? but i could not fix the identity a first, and i sat under the table wondering how it was that he seemed so familiar to me, when suddenly there came a happy thought, and i fluttered out into the middle of the room and called out with a shrill whistle, "go round them, balley, for another twelve monthsi" mr. bloomington jumped clean out of his chair and looked all around as if he was looking for his flock. the bouncer, who was setting her cap at him, called me "a horrid bird," and said i ought to be shot; and i went back under the table and laughed to myself. i know him now ; he comes sneaking about after clara; it's no good the bouncer thinking he comes wooing of her, because he doesn't. just as though clara would have anything to say to such a cad, even if he had tons of money! now there's one fellow i've got an eye on, he's a friend of jack's, and i wouldn't mind his marrying clara, because i'd go and live with them, and superintend the education of the children until i got too old, and then i'd die calmly at an advanced age surrounded by sorrow ing friends, whom i'd peck at faintly as a last mark of remembrance. but i fear this pleasant dream will never be realised. jack's friend, although be seems to like my little girl very much, and to enjoy her society, always has an absent look in his eyes as though he was think- ing of somebody else. his thoughts were with his heart, and that was far away. he name is nevil, david nevil, and he has a station somewhere, but i don't know much of geography; they don't teach the geography of queensland, you know. but i like him, and i like jack, for they both somehow always remind me of my old bush home, when i was an inno- cent young magpie, and had not seen all the wickedness that i have now. nevil is away at present, but i heard jack say he expected him back soon. my people used to have a station, but when jaok was about twenty the mortgagees foreclosed, and the old gentleman, jack's father, he died, and they all came to live in brisbane, and jack got a government billet; and ever since then he has reminded me of a wild bird in a cage. i didn't like town life myself at first; too many boys knocking about the streets for a magpie to have a quiet walk and plan mischief ; boys will throw stones. however, i've settled down to it now, and i find many little compen- sations : cats, for instance, are a great source of solace and consolation ; the silly things sleep so sound they don't know what is coming until i present my little bill—that dog down at the butcher's has been balm to my wounded spirit many a time. still i have a tender feeling towards my old birthplace, and when jack comes in he always seems to bring with him an air of association that carries me back amongst the gum trees and pasture lands of my youth. certainly i never had half the opportunities of studying human nature up there that i have down here, and i do enjoy myself sometimes, there's no mistake about it. there's only one thing i miss : i never get a chance of going out to any balls or things of that sort, for to an ob- servant bird like me there must be plenty of fun to be got out of gatherings of that description. what i do enjoy above all things is to get quietly ensconced in the drawing-room and listen to the women talking of an afternoon ; and then to roost in jack's private den of an evening, and hear the men yarning. but, speaking from an outside standpoint altogether ; speaking as a bird ; i must say that the amount of envy, hatred, and malice displayed by you unfeathered animals is enough to make a respectable magpie shudder. i don't except one of you, not even jack and clara, and they're the beet specimens i know. no, you are all alike, and when i come to think of the way you swagger, and call your selves lords of creation—why, i could moult all my feathers with disgust; i could, 'pon my metempsychosis i could. i wish i had not got into this habit of rambling, but what is a bird to do when such a violently irritating subject as mankind comes before one. i was going to tell you how the mortgagees foreclosed, in spite of poor jack working double tides, from daylight till dark ; and how a drought settled everything at last; and then we came here. good gracious that's about seven years ago now ; and mrs. danten—that's jack's mother-—she's got very deaf since then, and only   when i shriek very loud she says, "maggie, maggie! you naughty bird." now a strange adventure happened to me the other night i was fast asleep—that is to say as fast as i ever go, for i always keep one eye tolerably wide open—when the noise of footsteps aroused me. i was asleep in the dining room— our usual sitting-room, you know, but we call it the dining-room. it must have been about half past 12, when i heard the footsteps approaching, and by the time i was wide awake, and ready for any emergency, the door opened ; somebody struck a match, and— oh! it was only the bouncer. i knew what she came after at once—that girl pretends she has no appetite (that's good!), so she comes down here always, after the others have gone to bed, and takes away something from the supper table in order to have an early breakfast in her room in the morning. well, i watched her out of the corner of one eye while she cut a couple of sandwiches and amused herself with some bread and jam; when suddenly we were both startled by the sound of the front door opening, and voices in conversa- tion becoming audible; and it also becoming equally certain that they—whoever they were— were coming to the dining-room. the poor bouncer! she had on a loose dressing-gown, which showed off the abundancy of her figure to perfection; her hair was nowhere, and she had slippers on. flight was out of the question. her only chance lay in concealment. as the steps approached the door she hastily blow out the bedroom candle that had lighted her own foot steps; —came darkness! i heard a scramble; the door opened; and the new comers entered. "wait till i get a light, old man," said a voice i recognised as belonging to james. then came the crackling sound caused by striking a match; and the dawning light displayed the manly forms of james, our youngest, and his friend mr. bloomington; also making it equally evident that mr. bloomington was drunk. with that preternatural acuteness that distinguishes our race i saw that it was an uncommon occurrence with him, and that poor james had him on his shoulders like a second old man of the sea, and did not know how to get rid of him, or what the deuce to do with him. subsequently i found that it was bloomington's having expressed an ardent longing to break a lamp and fight a police man that had caused james to bring him into the house. i settled myself down for real thorough-paced enjoyment, ruffled my breast- feathers up, laid my bill carefully down amongst them, and to all outward appearance was sound asleep. "sit down and have some supper," said james; "then l'll walk home with you." "get a cab," suggested mr. bloomington, looking vacantly at the candle. "too late new; there are none on the stand." "not shtand!" said mr. bloomington furiously. "you say i can't shtand!" "not at all i said there were no cabs now. sit down, and have some supper." "thatsh all right; but don't think that i'm going to be 'sulted by man owes me money." "who wants to insult you?" said poor james; "can't you sit down?" for all this time mr. bloomington had been holding on by the mantel- shelf, and staring vacantly at the bounoer's slippers that i could see sticking out from under- neath the sofa. "member of parliament too!" he exclaimed, subsiding into a chair. "fanshy! member of parliament told he couldn't shtand. didn't i shtand when i was elected, eh?" "yes, it's a mistake on your part," persisted james. how i inwardly congratulated the free and in- dependent on their choice, as i listened to this. "nice girl that sister of yours," said the legislator. "hush i old man; don't speak so loud; re- member, everybody's in bed." "can't help it; everybody shouldn't go to bed so early." "have some cold meat!" "sha'n't! i say she's a fine girl." "have some pickles?" "no; damn your pickles ; what i want to know is this : what do you let that fellow nevil come fooling round here for? you mark this," said bloomington, whose speech was getting clearer : "i could hang him to-morrow!" "hang him?" returned james, looking rather startled and perplexed. "yes, hang him. fellow murdered my partner, i believe ; just got news in, haven't got any proofs. never mind, won't say any more now ; said too much already. good-night." "i'll see you out," said james, with an air of relief. "that's all right; good-night, old fellow; no occasion; all right now." the door closed on the pair ; and the next sound i heard was caused by the energetic movements of the bouncer as she struggled from underneath the sofa. she opened the door ; peered out carefully for a few seconds ; then fled upstairs like the dear graceful little fawn she is, leaving her sandwiches behind her; i dragged the meat out of them the first thing in the morning. i had a horrible nightmare that night; i dreamt that i was going to be hanged, and the butcher's dog dressed up as a clergyman was administering the last rites of religion to me ; i was very frightened, when, just as the bolt was going to be drawn, and i began to feel rather funny about the throat, i suddenly remembered that i could fly, and the idea made me laugh so that i awoke.   chaptrr ii. and the mem night there fell a shower of rain, for which their mouths gaped, like the cracks of earth when dried to summer dust; till taught by pain, men really know not what good water's worth." fierce unrelenting heat, pervading everywhere like an evil spirit, by day and by night : heat that cast a quivering haze across the interminable western plain. blood-red sunsets at even ; and at times a dull mutter of thunder that sounded like the mocking laughter of a devil, enjoying the prospect from a still more torrid climate. the scanty foliage of the stunted trees growing by the side of the watercourse seems dried almost to brittleness beneath the cruel rays that smite it day after day: beneath the breath of the parching wind that comes in sullen puffs across the cracked and gaping plain.   at night, no dew steals down to comfort the blackened earth ; the carbines and revolvers that are left in the open air, by the party of whites camped at that lagoon, are unspecked by rust. all night the solemn stars look down, bright, pure, and hard; and fade at daylight, leaving the thin air scarce cooler for their vigil. all day long the towering whirlwinds follow one another in monotonous succession, save that when they cross a dusty plain they loom up white ; and when their course is over the fire scorched downs they are black. on the bank of a long lagoon, forming the bed of one of the principal rivers of the interior, a party of white men are encamped. the horses visible in the distance ; the knots of cattle camped here and there, wherever there is a bit of precious shelter from the sun ; the drays, the tents, and the rough erections of boughs for shade purposes speak for themselves : a party who have pushed out to take up new country. the two pioneer squatters themselves are—like everybody else in the camp—lying smoking under one of the bough erections, and swearing at the pestering flies that swarm in myriads. one is a middle-aged man of forty, with gray hair, beard, and moustache, and a face that ever wears a somewhat tired look. his com- paniou is some ten years younger, with a square saxon cast of features, and rather reckless look about the eyes. " says the old obadiah to the young obadiah" : " davy, when do you intend to start?" "to-morrow night will be time enough, i think," returns his companion. "yes ; but it won't be safe to try that short cut. it's doubtful—to say the least of it—if there's any water left there now." "i don't think there is any occasion to do so. we must be well ahead of all the other mobs." "yes—that was a lucky fluke of yours ; but, with all due regard to the sagacity of mr. david nevil, i recommend your not trying that game very often." "i like that," said nevil. "why, you were worse than i was. didn't you want to send all the men back—to come round by the river, while we chanced it by ourselves?" "oh, that was only brag. i'm too old a soldier not to know my men. i knew there wasn't a man but what would volunteer for the short cut, and the fun." "well, we're here all right, and only lost ten head over it; so all's well that ends well. but i wonder how far kellet's cattle were ahead of us when we turned off." "opinions seemed to differ ; but, from the look of the tracks, i should say about three days." "and we have been here a fortnight; so, if they had dry stages and had to push, they might be coming up the river now." "yes. it would be as well to lodge the de- clarations as soon as possible; so when you are going back to do so give any cattle you meet a wide berth. master kellet's a smart youth, and seeing you going back he might send the cattle on, on spec, and follow you up to get in before you." "yes; better to go back the way we came. with three good horses i can manage it, even if one hole is dry." "mr. blount!" called out one of the men who was standing up gazing curiously down the river. "there's somebody coming—a man on horse back." everybody got up from his siesta ; they had fancied themselves sole lords of the solitude. the new arrival rode leisurely up, looking carelessly at the horses as he passed them. arrived at the camp he dismounted with the usual "good day," and said laughingly to nevil ss he held out his hand: "well! you fellows didn't expect to see me here, i presume?" "scarcely," returned nevil. "you've made good tracks. where are the cattle!" "about ten miles down the river." feeling an intense desire to put their visitor in the neighboring lagoon, and keep him there until he had gone exploring in another world, nevil and blount, under the false influence of our semi-civilisation, had his horse turned out, a meal underway for him, and the shadiest place given up for him to assume the recumbent atti- tude that everybody adopts in bush life. "where's kellet?" said blount, when the three were ensconced under the boughs. "started in last night to make the depositions about the couutry and lodge the applications." nevil made no sign. said blount carelessly: "went back the way you came, i suppose?" "no," returned the other; "we saw your tracks where you came in on the river four miles down, so he went back along them. you fellows must have cut off a hundred miles or more, as the last time we heard of you you were four days' stage behind us ; and how long have you been here now?" "a fortnight; and i am very much afraid kellet will find no water the way he has gone. we only just got through, and the heat has been frightful since then." "he has got good horses, and might get through even if the water has dried up." "never, at this time of the year. it is over a hundred and forty miles from here to the o'hara, and some very rotten country to go over." "look here, black," said nevil, after a pause; "i suppose you are going to apply for all the country about here? we may as well be open with one another." "yes—for eighty miles frontage on both sides of the river. this will be half-way." "well, we don't want any of the country below us, but if we can get it we intend to apply for fifty or sixty miles up the river ; and there we shall clash. now we've got more men and more cattle than you have ; it's impossible for you to fulfil the conditions, and we've got. enough men here to watch you and prove that you don't. i'm afraid kellet will come to grief and i'll start after him at once with water ; but if i don't see anything of him i shall apply for the country we want, without interfering with anything below this camp. so can't we work together?" "there's something in what you say; but as we have the best of it at present i think it's all to your advantage." "but how are you going to stock the country, man?" said blount. " you only had four hun- dred and fifty head of cattle when you were on   the o'hara, and you've not made any more since." "how is all the western country being stocked? the government do not want to scrutinise matters too closely so long as they get the rent. it would be impossible to carry out the strict letter of the act." "public attention has not been called to it yet, my dear fellow ; but you know well enough that if you apply for all the country you speak of, as stocked, we shall be in a position to prove otherwise. not only that, but kellet has only got twenty-four hours start, and it's not at all unlikely that nevil will get in before him. we have over eighteen hundred head of cattle here on the ground; so we are not afraid of anything you can do." " can't do anything in the matter. personally perhaps i agree with you that it would be better not to clash; but kellet has gone, and it's too late now." "not at ail. give me a letter to him, saying you are willing that he should withdraw the ap- plications for the country that we want. surely to goodness you've got room enough down the river, without interfering with us up here." "yea, but for some reason or other kellet wanted this country more than all the rest as soon as he found you were here." "when was that?" "yesterday. we saw some of your cattle ; so then we went out back and picked up your old tracks coming in ; he started about an hour before sundown." "he took water with him?" "yes, a couple of bags." "well, i suppose it's every man for himself, then." "i can do nothing by myself," returned black ; "although for my own part i would consent, but i know kellet would not agree." "so be it, then, and the sooner i start the "better ; it's 4 o'clock now." "i intend to go with you as far as the o'hara," said blount. "no occasion, my dear fellow, it's only un- necessary risk." "i mean to go," returned the other ; "so just say no more." nevil knew opposition was useless when his companion spoke like that, so wisely held his tongue. in less than half-an-hour the little party was ready ; two hones packed and two spare, in addition to their riding horses, making up the tale. "if all went well, blount meant to be back in five or six days; so there were not many direc- tions to leave with the men. bidding black good-bye, they started, as the shadows grew long, and the sun began to lose a little of its power. very little, for even when at its lowest, it was fierce enough in all conscience. before them stretched the great monotonous plains of the far west; a clump of bushes here and there, magnified in appearance into the size of trees by the heated medium through which they loomed. a country where time and distance seemed of another world; nothing but what lytton calls "the dull flat waste of wearisome eternity." all through the hot summer night they rode ; there could be little conversation, as one had to ride ahead, leading the way, the other following driving the horses. at about midnight they passed the hut waterhole they had seen before reaching the river, when coming out with the cattle a fort- night before. there was still a little muddy water in it; but the horses, not then being thirsty, declined to touch it. striking matches, they examined by their aid the soft mud round the edge of the hole, but could see no sign of kellet's track. not knowing of the waterhole, he would have probably missed it in the dark. the starlight was sufficient to enable them to follow the deep trails the cattle had made coming across the loose open soil of the downs ; and by daylight they were a good forty miles from camp. as the light got strong they saw kellet's track following one of the pads ; and by 10 they were in sight of a creek wherein they had got the best supply of water they had found on their way out. both looked anxiously to- wards the few trees that indicated the position of the waterhole. not a bird was visible. hoping against hope, they rode up to the dry brown polygonum bushes, but they had no occasion to look ; the loose horses had trotted ahead, and, running down the bank, went across, and up the other side without stopping. the bottom was as hard and dry as a metalled road. "this was the best waterhole we saw," said blount meaningly. "yes ; there will be no water left in any of the others," returned his companion. "do you think we are half way to the o'hara?" asked blount, after a pause. " no, nothing near it; but we must go on. remember kellet; we might pull him up in time." " yes, we must push too ; but even then i'm afraid we shall be late." " we'll give the horses a mouthful from the bags and a couple or three hours' spell, then push on without stopping. we shall have to walk to-morrow, whether or no—the horses won't stand in any longer ; but we must make them take us as far as they can, or it will be all up with this firm." "probably so," returned blount. "i don't think we'll make much progress when our horses are done ; but we must do the best we can to make ourselves comfortable. i expect poor kellet's badly off just now." at about 3 they started on again, and before dark came to another small creek where they had got water on their outward journey. this, like the other, was quite dry. here they found a pack-saddle, blankets, and clothes, evidently thrown away by kellet to ease his horse, which was probably getting done up. "the beginning of the end," said blount "we'll never find the poor fellow alive; this was left here this morning." nevil was about to reply, when suddenly he broke off and ran forward shouting. the spare horses were rounded up a short distance away, and the horse that had the water-pack on was lying down rolling. when he got on his legs at the hasty assault they made on him they found that the stitching of one bag had burst and all the water squeezed out, and more than half the contents of the other bag was spilt. they had barely four quarts left, and were both thirsty,   for they had refrained from drinking during the afternoon. nevil laughed in sheer recklessness. "by jove, we'll learn the grand secret this time, old man." "we must ride all night now. but how about kellet? we might pass him in the dark." "how far do you think he would get from here? his horses must have been nearly done when he threw that saddle away." "fifteen or twenty miles at the outside. we shall do no more to-night, for the hot wind to day has played hades with our horses." "well, let's be off, and keep our ears and eyes skinned." before starting on again they each took a mouthful of water, and extracting a pistol bullet from its copper sheathing put it in their mouths to chew aa they went along. they went but slowly, for their horses were suffering greatly. the stars looked down on them in an aggravatingly cool calm way; a crescent moon sank in a dull haze away to the westward, and once or twice there was a feeble flash of lightning in the same direction. all around, utter calm and profound stillness. shortly before 11 nevil stopped and asked blount if he heard anything. his companion replied in the negative ; and they both remained motionless—listening—for some seconds. "i'm certain i heard a sound on ahead ; there could be no living thing out here now!" "no, it's all downs country without a tree for miles ahead yet; an owl is the only night bird we might hear away from water, and they stick to timber." "supposing we go on about a mile and then camp ; i'm positive i was not deceived." "what did it sound like?" "a kind of harsh cry, scarcely like a human voice." "give a good coee before we start again." nevil disturbed the stillness with a prolonged shout, but no answer came back from the dark- ness. once—as they listened patiently—they thought they heard a sound in the far distance ; but they could not feel certain. "it's death to stop," said blount, "but we must not go past the poor fellow if he's still alive." after going on another mile they agreed to await daylight ; so pulling off the saddles they threw themselves on the ground to see what the day would bring forth. the horses stood sulk- ing where they were let go ; kicking and biting viciously at each other. the sky had now be- come overcast with a dull haze, and ever and anon there was still the glimmer of lightning in the west. "if we could make a fire, it would draw his attention, but there's not a twig within miles of here." "here are some letters, set fire to them, they'll blaze up for a minute ; he'll see it a long way off." the letters were unfolded, and ignited one by one; little did the writers of them think of the use that they would be put to. the momentary blaze showed the men each other's anxious face, but that was all; the flame flickered out, and it was once more dark and silent. the two friends lay back on their blankets, musing—waiting. presently nevil fell into an uneasy sleep and a tormenting dream. he thought he was standing on a balcony over- looking a fresh fair garden; fountains were sending up their sparkling jets of sweet water, and children were laughing merrily as they played about the walks. vainly he sought for a means to descend. maddened at last with the fierce thirst that consumed him, he was about to jump down at all risks when he was seized by the shoulder and held back. struggling to free himself he awoke. blount was shaking him by the shoulder. there had been a great change while he slept. the lightning was now strong and incessant; to the westward was a dark bank, and cool puffs of wind came every now and then from that quarter. one strange feature was that the flashes of lightning thiew a red tinge over everything ; unlike the vivid brightness that is its general characteristic, this was lurid and sullen. there was scarcely any thunder ; just at long intervals a heavy rumble that seemed to shake the earth could be heard. both sat up, gazing anxiously to windward ; tortured though they were with thirst they could not but be impressed with the strange grandeur of the storm, so different from anything they had ever witnessed before. there were no dense black clouds riven by jagged streaks of light, no crashes of deafening thunder. the sky was more murky than black ; the lightning like the gleam of red fire suddenly cast over the scenes in a theatre ; and the leaping light only showed the lonely men the desolate plain around—limit- less—boundless! presently a deep moaning sigh came sweeping to them from the west: a sudden gust, and then a cloud of dust enveloped them. the sand storm of the desert was upon them. drawing their blankets over their heads, to shield themselves from the driving grit, they re- mained motionless till the blast had passed ; then one after another they arose again. then came one vivid flash of lightning, no longer red, but fiercely white and blinding; one mighty peal of thunder, and the blackness of darkness once more. "my god, we'll get some after all," said blount hoarsely, for their lips were dry and their throats burning. following up the sand came a black cloud rushing towards them, and even as he spoke a few great cold drops fell on their upturned faces. eagerly spreading out the pieces of waterproof sheeting they had with them, they watched with renewed hope. they had not long to wait; after the first few drops there came a sudden pause, broken by an angry dash of blessed rain. for about ten minutes the saving torrent poured down, then ceased, and the fading lightning and low growling thunder died away in the east. the rescued travellers had caught a good supply of water in their waterproof, enough at anyrate to give two of their horsea a good drink ; but fortunately they had camped near a small treeless watercourse, that struggled for a brief and shallow existence across the flat country ; the clayey bottom of this had caught a little of the passing shower, and before daylight the horses had found and availed themselves of it. looking anxiously ahead the next morning, blount and nevil rode on. they had not left their camp a mile behind them when blount,   who was in front, pointed to a dark object risible on the plain—a dead horse! when they got up to it they found it had the saddle and bridle still on, and had died where it had been left by its doomed rider. "we shall soon find him now; that storm last night may have saved him," said nevil. "we must have passed the other horse during the night; let us see if there are any papers or letters in the saddle pouch." they dismounted, and, finding some packets and documents in the pouch, nevil unbuckled it from thte saddle, and put it on his own ; then they started once more. a little to the left of their course, and about three miles from the dead hone, a few straggling trees indicated the position of a small water course; there they found the man they sought to save. he might hare been asleep, from his attitude; but they both knew it was death. he had staggered on to the timber in a last desperate hope : had thrown himself, in despair, at the foot of one of the wretched coolibah trees; death—the pitiful friend—had found him there, and hushed him into a good and calm sleep. the storm that had passed over had beaten on the dead white face, had drenched the tangled hair ; had left, as if in very mockery, a pool of water almost touching the blackened lips. [to be continued.]       chapter 3 & 4 maggie's secret.   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   chapter iii. maggie's secret.   by "dramingo."   the look of dreadful mystery that sat upon the bouncer's face the next morning was worth witnessing. that girl always does try to put on an interesting, not to say romantic, air : she likes   you to think she is a prey to deep and hidden sorrow. pensive melancholy is what she goes in for. it suits her style of face, as you may imagine. james looked subdued too. of course he did not know that his sister had seen bloomington the preyious night: still he had the air of a dog who had stolen a bigger dog's bone and thought that the big dog was around somewhere, looking for him. james occupies the responsible position of a clerk in the firm of walker and wingham, stock and station agents, who entrust him with the key of an old safe where they keep their letters, the butt of a cheque-book, and a bottle of whisky. james plays up old gooseberry about this key as soon as he comes home every evening. i've been accused of stealing it times out of number—wait till i get a chance! old mrs. danten thinks that trade and commerce would be arrested at once if it was lost; and the innocent clara regards it with superstitious awe. i was blinking on the window-sill in the morning sun when i heard the bouncer address her sister in a most loving way. i knew there was something up at once. "i wish i was like you, dear." clara looked rather surprised at the compliment. "i mean so simple-minded and free from disappointment." "well, i suppose we hare both experienced the same troubles." "but there are troubles of the spirit that even our nearest know nothing of." "one soon gets over that sort of thing," laughed clara. "ah, but darling!" she said with a sigh that was a cyclone in itself, "you have yet been spared the pain of seeing your illusions, your fondest illusions, shattered and destroyed." she gazed absently at me as she spoke, as though i had been one of these illusions! clara looked puzzled; poor little girl she had the most implicit faith in everybody, and the bouncer used to work on her credulity in a shocking manner. still she could not exactly see the drift of these remarks. "it must be rather painful," she replied at a venture. "painful! it is wonderful what the heart can bear and yet not cease to beat." if her heart was of solidity in proportion to the rest of her frame i should have thought it would have borne a good deal. "clara, darling," she went on, " have you got any money left ?" ho! i knew that was coming. "a little," said her sister doubtfully; "how much do you want!" "thirty shillings," said the bouncer, with, every touch f romance gone from her voice. "i can lend you that," said clara; "but do give it me back when you get your allowance, as i have had to lend james some." "my dear clara, of course you shall have it back without fail; and i think it very mean of james—a young man—to borrow from his sisters." the injured tone in which she said this was glorious. my poor little girl went and got her purse and handed the bouncer the required sovereign and a-half. agatha kissed her rapturously in return, and i crept slyly up and gave her a dig that i had owed her for a long time. after i had been hunted under the table, behind chairs, and generally much abused, agatha went out, leaving clara alone. i sat in the quiet room after the bouncer's departure, thinking deeply—as was my wont. i was annoyed by what had passed. but who could look long at my pretty clara as she sat in   a low chair busy at some foolish (i think it foolish) girl's work, without feeling better and calmer for the sight? i'll just describe her as she sits there, and then see if i haven't got good taste! to start with, she has not got a wealth of golden hair, nor is it tawny with wondrous gleams of gold through it, nor is it like an auriole, or any other outlandish thing. her hair in just honest straightforward brown, and when it's twisted up in a simple knot, with one white rosebud stuck in it, i'd back it for long odds against all your golden or raven locks. as for eyes—"what could such eyes do there but weep, and weep that they were born so fair?" as i heard jack quote one day. but hers are not of the weeping sort; they're dark gray, and in some lights they look blue, and always bright and kind. a dear little nose, straight as a dart and well-cut; none of your "tip-tilted" arrangements. a short upper lip, and the only mouth i ever saw that makes me sorry for being the proud possessor of a beak (i'd say bill, but you men are so touchy on the subject of bills). an oval chin, and a trim white throat springing up from as lithe a little figure as ever a lucky man took to his arms for better for worse (but there's no worse about clara, i assure you on my honor as a magpie); and there you have clara danten. well, i hopped up close to her, and let her stroke my head and call me a cross old bird, which is the hardest reproof she ever indulges in. i was puzzled to know what the bouncer particularly wanted thirty shillings for. she was always hard-up and constantly borrowing from clara; that was nothing new; but i could not help thinking that this particular want had some connection with the scene of the night before. a strange cat looked in at the window whilst i was puzzling my brains over the matter. i could not stand that. i had that cat off the premises in less than no time, and as i returned from pursuit of the enemy i saw the bouncer coming up the street carrying a parcel! more mystery. young ladies don't carry their parcels home as a rule when they go out shopping. now i must be at the bottom of everything; i don't believe in domestic fifth-of-november plots being carried on unless l am one of the conspirators. so l at once made for the bouncer's room, and took up an obscure position on the top of the bed. i had not long to wait; my sweet sylph came in, and carefully looked the door after her before depositing her precious parcel on the dressing-table. i did not like this locking of doors. if she discovered me she might make it a pretext for paying off innumerable old scores. you may be sure that i kept extremely quiet. the bouncer undid the string of the parcel, and unfolded the paper. shade of guy fawkes! what did she produce therefrom?—a dark lantern, a mask, or a dagger? neither. six boxes of sardines, a german sausage, a big parcel of biscuits, and a bottle of sherry. i felt hugely disgusted with myself at having allowed my curiosity to be excited in such a paltry manner. hold! there was something else; a book, a novel; and agatha settled herself down comfortably for a read, after a glass of sherry from her tooth-glass. what on earth was i to do ? i felt certain i should probably go to sleep, and begin talking in my sleep—a habit they say that i have fallen into lately. this would occasion my instant discovery; and how i should fare in the conflict that would ensue i had my doubts; the old guard might die, but would certainly never surrender. still i did not feel altogether fit for death; strange to say very few magpies do; same with you men i think. i watched mine enemy, out of the corner of one eye. she was not a bad-looking girl, but there was too much of her, and she had the worst possible taste in dress. why could she not take a lesson from me? look at the nicely shaded tints of a magpie's plumage. to my great relief there came a knock at the door. agatha started, guiltily, and rammed her perchases hastily into a box before opening the door, and admitting her sister. "what funny scent you've been using i" remarked this horrid little hypocrite; for there's no getting rid of the smell of sherry in a hurry. "yes," said the bouncer languidly, "i have a slight headache; it will be better directly." "i hope so," said clara, who had the morning paper in her hand; "but did you see this telegram? and she read aloud : "mr. w. l. kellet is reported to have perished from thirst, about forty miles west of the o'hara. he was found by messrs. blount and nevil, who were themselves only saved by a passing thunderstorm. the deceased gentleman was on his way in, to apply for some country he had lately stocked in the far west; and, strange to say, some of the same country that mr. nevil was also on his way to apply for; he bad been dead about twelve hours when found." "that was mr. kellet of barangerie, i suppose," said the bouncer; "i think his initials were w. l." " yes; you remember him better than i do; but was it not strange that mr. nevil found him?" " well, i don't know," returned her sister, profoundly; "perhaps he went to look for him." " i suppose that was it. he'll come down to brisbane i expect," said clara with transparent carelessness. "probably; but i'll be down stairs in a minute, dear," and she hurried her sister out of the room. so this was what bloomington meant to insinuate last night; he must have been very drunk to have dreamt of such a thing. kellet i remembered perfectly. he managed a station called barangerie, about thirty miles from our old place. the bouncer had a flirtation with him once; she was young then, and did not appreciate the difference between a super and an owner. what he had to do with bloomington i did not know, but felt sure i should get to the bottom of it directly. after putting her provisions away the bouncer left the room, to my great relief; and i speedily followed her. jack came home to lunch, and i heard him say that he had received a telegram from nevil saying that he would be down in brisbane in about a month. james looked gloomily mysterious at this information, and remarked that he did not care much for "that nevil." jack, who is rather hot-tempered when his absent friends are concerned, asked him what he knew about him.   "nothing," returned james; "i suppose a fellow may like and dislike just as he pleases." "i don't like mr. nevil either," said the bouncer. jack was always polite to his sisters—one of the few men i ever met who was. " i really don't see what opportunities you have had of studying nevil's character, aggie; you surely can't deny that he is a gentleman." "0, yes, his manner is nice enough, but it always appears to me that there is something hidden, something concealed, beneath that smiling exterior." and the bouncer looked wise, as though to her it was granted to dive into depths that others might not penetrate—to rush in where angels feared to tread. " what novel did you get that from, aggie ? i always thought nevil a remarkably frank and open fellow. at any rate, jim, you can't accuse your new friend bloomington of having a smiling exterior; he looks as though he had been brought up on a diet of unpaid bills and dishonored cheques, and they had not agreed with him." "really, jack, said james solemnly, " i shall not sit her* and hear my friends insulted." "very sorry to hear that you consider him in that light; but, while we are on the subject, i must request that you don't bring him here too often." " well, indeed!" said the bouncer; "but your judgment isn't everything, master jack." "i don't want you to listen to my judgment, but i intend you shall to my prejudice, if you like to call it so; and i am prejudiced against bloomington, and don't want him to become too familiar here." the bouncer pouted, and james sulked. jack did not often exert his authority; but when he did he was pretty hard; and, moreover, being the inheritor of what, few annual hundreds had been saved from the wreck, which he scrupulously paid over to his mother and sister, it was as well not to quarrel with their bread and butter. not that i think jack ever presumed upon that fact or thought of it; and, as i said before, it was seldom he came out as head of the family. mrs. danten was too deaf to understand the discussion, and clara preserved a discreet silence; but when jack left a little before 2 i noticed that she gave him a very kind sisterly kiss; and, not being a girl much given to gushing over with affection, i made a note of it: inferring therefrom that she entirely approved of his conduct in the matter. as i also endorsed it, what more was wanted? now i must confess that jack was really hard upon bloomington, who never spoke to one of the young ladies without addressing her as "miss" without any affix to it, and who never occupied the whole of a chair, contenting himself with the extreme edge of it. if he brought his hat into the drawing-room he put it underneath his chair where it could not possibly annoy anybody, and he always said "ma'am" to mrs. danten. certainly he called jack "old fellow" several times, and once "jack," but i suppose he thought it showed an easy familiarity on short acquaintance that was probably good form. altogether he was a harmless young man, and there was no possible reason why our side of the house should have such "a down upon him." still the "down" was there, and it was particularly marked that evening, when bloomington turned up. james, that unhappy young man, had asked him before jack put in the prohibition; and jack, being in his own house, had to be civil to his brother's guest. we got on famously, though bloomington out- did himself; he came out as a combination of sir charles grandison and a bushranger in a way that was simply paralysing. he was so infatuated with agatha's singing that i—and i'm sure the bouncer— thought that his intentions were serious. i quite enjoyed myself that evening : jack in a bad temper, trying not show it; james evivedently in a fright; agatha triumphant at what she thought bloomington's marked attention; and clara uneasy because she saw jack was uncomfortable. as for the "fair cause of all this strife" he seemed very happy; he even tried to be funny once or twice, but i was the only one who laughed, and he did not appreciate my applause; doubtless he did not understand that it was meant for laughter. (you men are so dense.) at last bloomington had to go. the bouncer shook hands with him in her most gushing manner, clara in her coldest; jack looked hard at his hand afterwards, as if to see if he had got it soiled in the process; and james went out with the hero. an uncomfortable silence ensued. mrs. danten was dozing; clara gazing absently at a book in her lap that she was not reading; jack looking at yesterday's paper, holding it upside down; the bouncer putting her music together. in the course of my desultory reading i once found an able theory adduced about the influence of suns spots upon the social atmosphere. every eleven years these spots get remarkably lively—so my authority said—and every eleven years you men get fighting amongst yourselves all over the world. it's a matter of history; look it up for yourselves. well, i have noticed just the same thing amongst families—only the cause is not due to spots on the sun, and it occurs much oftener than eleven years. as a rule i notice that the air gets charged with electricity about every five weeks; and then little tiffs and snarls take place. well, the social sun spots were evidently very lively just now, or jack would not have been so hard upon bloomington, whom before he regarded with easy indifference. the bouncer too was charged for a growl, and commenced the attack by asking her brother what objection he had to raise to bloomington's conduct that evening. "my dear aggie," said jack, with forced calmness, "why commence a discussion that can lead to no good ? i know more of bloomington than you possibly can, and i have made my mind up in the matter; and perhaps you'll allow that i have a right to do so." "of course. you men are all the same; you are all tyrants and bullies." "agatha!" said clara, before jack could speak, "you must be joking. fancy jack a tyrant or a bully!" and she went and put a slender white hand through his arm, and rested her cheek against his shoulder; for she knew he could say nothing cross or ill- tempered then. jack patted the other little cheek softly and kindly. the sun spots were stationary, and the overcharged atmosphere was lightened.   "my dear aggie, if you like bloomington so much i'm sure you and james are welcome to him, but i object to clara and myself being afflicted; so give us notice when he is coming, that we can have a prior engagement." the bouncer only snorted defiantly. she knew, with a woman's intuitive knowledge of her own power and a man's nature, that, once get jack into a temper, she had him fairly; but let him adopt the good-humored tone of mild chaff, and she had not a leg left to stand upon (metaphorically of course, for in reality she had as good and substantial a pair as ever a young lady wanted). so the family parted for their respective couches without any more words passing. just the touch of a woman's hand, and the quiet words at the right time, had turned away wrath. why in the name of fortune you women, who have such great capabilities for making peace, should prefer making strife is a thing i never could understand; but i fully agree with a certain saying about quarrels, and "who is the lady?"   chapter iv. forbear! have a care of that beauty so rare; of the pale proud face and the queen-like air and the coil of bright tresses that glisten and twine and the whispers that madden, like kisses or wine. blount and nevil gazed upon the still form at their feet without speaking: both their thoughts were the same: "this would have been our fate but for an accident." nevil spoke at last: "what can we do? we have no tools to dig a grave, and little time to stop." "cut down what boughs we can, and try and protect the body; i will come back with help, and bury it." "nothing will touch it; the rain water will be dry in a few hours, and neither dogs nor crows will be out here until there is water." "do you know, davy, apart from the physical torture that thirst inflicts, i should like, when my turn comes, to die like this, by myself. surely it must be better than gasping one's life out in a stuffy room ; with the cant of the world, and hollow friendship, attending you to its threshold." "you are an awful old cynic; but had we not better discuss the philosophy of life to-night, old man? let's cover up the poor fellow, and get on; we are not out of the wood ourselves yet." cutting down such boughs as the scantily limbed coolibah trees afforded, they covered up the poor remnant of humanity, and left it to the great peace of the desert. at the o'hara the friends parted, blount going back with volunteers from a neighboring station to bury kellets body; and, that service performed, to return by the longer and safer route to their cattle. nevil left for the nearest township where resided the crown lands commissioner. arrived there he made the necessary applications for the country, and, having reported kellets death, resumed his journey to his own place, four hundred miles away, on one of the small rivers that helped to swell the burdekin. after many days' travelling, under hot sunny skies and starlit summer nights, by mountain and plain, by forest and scrub, he reached the unpretending homestead that years of residence had made so familiar. it was a pretty site for a station, perched up as it was on the steep bank of a river that brawled in a score of tiny streams across the rocky bar that broke the sandy course of its bed. far off over the tree tops you could see the broken outline of a range; its fantastic peaks and square-topped hills standing boldly out against the sky. the giant tea-trees—the weeping willows of northern queensland—drooped over and trailed their long boughs in the waters of a deep still hole, lying just below the rocky bar before mentioned; and at its lower end a shelving sand-bank gleamed white amongst the green foliage. many a time in the winter months, when the mid-day sun was at its strongest, huge alligators stretched their ungainly length along that smooth sand, basking in the warm rays, and many a bullet had been sent, with slight success, to find its billet in their uncouth bodies. the rambling buildings with their gray bark roofs, the yards, the milking cows standing about, the horses feeding in the paddocks; the dogs playing before the huts; all looked peaceful and homelike, to nevil's travel-tired spirit, as he rode up. albeit he was a very careless individual, and apt to place small value on life and its surroundings, he had to confess that a warm welcome was worth having in this world. the men lounging on the verandah smoking their evening pipe crowded up to take and unpack his horses, telling him they were glad to see him back safe; the dogs yelped and jumped wildly around; a tame cockatoo shrieked with excitement and wrath: evidently the boss was a popular personage, beyond a cheque-drawing machine. lying lazily back, smoking, after the evening meal had been discussed, nevil listened to the young fellow who had been managing the place during his absence as he afforded him information concerning the doings during his exile out west. his young friend was a smart- looking youth, physically speaking, but with rather weak uncertain eyes, and a hesitating way of speaking that, combined with a habit of blushing, did not argue much force of character. "so there is a new man at sedgemoor, is there; what is he like?" said nevil referring to their nearest neighboring station. "he's in charge for dunwick, his brother; he is an elderly man, with one daughter, and a niece." "so ho! ladies, eh? what are they like, dick?" "the daughter is about five-and-twenty, the niece about ten or eleven." "yes, but as to their appearance, my friend ? you've surely used your eyes when you have been over." "well," returned the other with the ever-ready blood rushing to his face, "miss dunwick, the daughter, is good-looking, and dark; the little girl i« a very pretty child; and the old man is a dreadful old muff about station work." "isee i shall have to go over and judge for myself; good- looking and dark is very vague indeed. how does dunwick—who is reported to be rather smart—come to put a man in charge who does not understand his work?"   "a brother, very hard up, i believe, and dunwick gives him next to nothing." "well, i hope the daughter won't make an impression on your susceptible heart, dick, or i shall have to pack you out west, where there is not a petticoat within a couple or three hundred miles." dick retreated to his room, looking like a beetroot; and nevil soon followed his example. having some curiosity to see his new neighbors, nevil rode over to sedgemoor a few days after his return. it was a larger and more pretentious looking place than his own, the former owner having spent a good deal of money on the house, which perhaps helped to account for the fact that he was now the former owner. it was about 3 o'clock in the afternoon when nevil rode up to the station; it was a calm hot day, and a sleepy silence brooded over the place. nobody appeared to be stirring about, nor did the tramp of his horse bring anybody to the door, to investigate the new arrival. fastening his horse to the garden fence he proceeded to explore. his footsteps on the verandah attracting no attention, he —after a few preliminary loud coughs—entered the sitting-room. all silent there. a clock over the fireplace ticked loudly in the stillness, a cat basking in the sunshine winked sleepily at him; the furniture, save for a few slight articles betokening a woman's presence, seemed unchanged; but there was something in the room he had never seen before. lying on the floor, fast asleep, with her head pillowed on an old railway rug, a book that had escaped her grasp close beside her, was a child. a very pretty child too; so nevil determined as be looked at the little sleeping beauty. the dark eye-lashes rested on cheeks delicate as a flower; on the one upturned to the intruder there was the trace of a scarce-dried tear, and the half-parted lips still bore the sign of recent trouble in their pretty pout. nevil looked admiringly at her for some time: "i suppose the little dame would feel affronted if i awakened her with a kiss after the manner of the enchanted princess," he thought. stooping he touched the child lightly on the shoulder. to his amazement she did not open her eyes but her lips; for without moving she commenced to talk quickly and incoherently. he could make nothing of what she said; it seemed all disjointed nonsense; and he listened half-frightened at her weird gabble. "wake up, my child," he said at last, putting his hand on her forehead. in an instant ahe was aroused, and started up staring wildly at him with big brown eyes. "come and shake hands with me, and tell me where everybody has gone to," said nevil, holding out his hand to her. the child advanced, looking curiously at him, and then as if satisfied put her hand confidingly in his. nevil sat down on a chair and drew her to his knee. "where are your uncle and cousin?" he asked. "gone out riding, and there's nobody here but me; i went to sleep trying to learn this," and she showed nevil a french exercise book. "hum. you know, i'm a neighbor of yours. i live over at riversdale: you've heard of that place?" the child nodded. "we must make friends; tell me what your name is." "ada. ada bright." "my name is nevil; and i've got such a pretty pony at home, that you can learn to ride on, if i send it over to you." "ah, but if you do, and it's a very nice one, auntie will take it to ride herself," returned the artless young lady. nevil colored a little; this seemed too much like getting behind the family scenes. "oh, no; it's only big enough for a little girl like you to ride." "and has it got a nice tail!" "a lovely tail, and it will eat bread, and sugar, and follow you about" "that will be nice; i shall like you very much, i think," said the young lady, regarding the artful hypocrite who had made such quick progress in her affections with a look of strong appreciation. "do you know," she went on, "i think i must have seen you before." "i don't think so, ada." "yes, i'm sure i have ; in my sleep, i think— the nasty sleeps auntie puts me in, when i always have a bad headache afterwards." "what do you mean by nasty sleeps, ada?" "my auntie goes like this;" and she put up her little hands, with the palms turned towards nevil's temples; and then i never remember anything more, but i always wake up in bed with a very bad headache." "and what was i doing when you saw me ?" "0, i never remember anything plainly, only i'm sure i've seen you: i recollected your face directly." nevil thought it but proper to drop this subject; so he turned the child's attention to other things, and before an hour had passed had in the most heartless manner completely enthralled his new acquaintance, who did not hesitate to tell him that he was the nicest man she had ever met; and when they were interrupted by the arrival of mr. dunwick and his daughter she had taken possession of his knee, and they were amicably going over the french lesson together. as nevil rose to greet his new neighbour, he had afterwards to confess to experiencing an intuitive feeling of dislike that he could not account for, and one that seemed wholly irrational. dunwick, who had entered the room with a "who the deuce are you? sort of look in his face, changed it at once to one of fawning politeness on hearing his visitor's name, and greeted him in a manner that was peculiarly distasteful to nevil, who despised gush immensely. "my daughter, mr. nevil," he said, introducing him to the young lady, who followed him. in all his after life nevil never forgot the feeling he first experienced at shaking hands with jane dunwick, and that was, that those shapely fingers that just touched his, in cold courtesy, could—strong man and tall fellow as he was— just have squeezed and crushed his hand into a jelly if they had been so minded. in one of the picture galleries in germany, i forget where, there is a picture of judas receiving the price of blood. the faces are nothing; but the hand into which the money has been dropped is a revelation. cover up the whole of the picture, and leave but that hand, and the whole story ia there; in every line, in every carve, itching   avarice cries aloud. this is real art; for the hand is an index of character far truer than the eyes; only it is not so easily read. "'good looking, and dark,'" thought nevil: "why she's as handsome as cleopatra, and devilish like her i should think." the young lady who was the subject of this mental simile was certainly strikingly good-looking, and every curve of her graceful figure was well displayed by her tight-fitting riding habit. a warm complexion, dark full eyes, an oval face, and a well-shaped head were her best points; her worst were thin cruel lips and a defect in one of her eyebrows that gave her face an unequal look when seen in front. nevil, who had a quick eye for details, noticed all this at a glance, and in the course of his visit could easily account for a habit she had of resting one elbow on the table, with her hand laid carelessly on her temple, when talking. it hid the inequality in her eye brows, and displayed her wonderfully well-made arm. there seemed to be nobody on the station but a man and a boy, who had their rations in a distant hut. miss dunwick and little ada laid the table for the meal that nevil consented to stop and share, and that meal was of the plainest: salt beef, bread, and tea; not the smallest extra luxury that generally serves to eke out station fare was to be seen. the dresses of the two girls, though well fitted and tastefully worn, were wofully shabby, and evidently the poor remains of better days. but nevil had. to confess that more agreeable conversationalists than the father and daughter he had seldom met; both possessed in the highest degree that invaluable quality—tact; and seemed to know by intuition what subjects were most agreeable to their guest. the thing that puzzled nevil most, as he rode home, was the strange and evident fear that the child stood in of both her relations. nevil, careless, easy, and essentially good natured, had taken a great liking to the little maid, and, if miss dunwick did not make the impression she intended, a good deal of the reason might be traced to that cause. [to be continued.]       chapter 5 & 6 maggie's secret.   literature   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   chapter v. maggie's secret.   by "dramingo."   i have got into a bad habit of late; i have doubtless, in the opinion of the bouncer and other ignorant people, a good many bad habits, but this i acknowledge to be a bad habit; it's   stopping out late at night. first time i did it, it was unintentional; just the same as a man always says he first got intoxicated unintentionally. i got shut out in mistake; at least i trust so; i have an idea that james did it in the hope that the cats would assemble in large numbers and destroy me; but they didn't, and i had so many novel experiences that night and it seemed such a rakish dissipated sort of thing to do, that i have repeated it subsequently. the night before last i went out for a prowl; i knew i should feel very seedy, and have a headache next day; but that did not stop me any more than it stops you men from taking more wine than you ought to. i flew down as far as the victoria bridge, and from the top of a lamp-post took mental notes of all that went on. it was about 11 o'clock and a moonless night; the river stretched away on either side of me; the reflection of the rows of lights shimmering and flickering on its surface, the monotonous tread of a policeman, and the clang of the post- office clock striking the hour were all the sounds i heard for some time after taking up my position; presently the clatter of a hansom cab driving across broke the stillness; then, another and another; soon foot passengers began to pass beneath my post of observation; men and women — i beg pardon: you people are so particular; ladies and gentlemen; the ladies with shawls round their heads, and, to judge by the scraps of conversation i hear, just returning from some concert or other place of amusement. their talk floated up to me as they passed in the most absurd manner. "in splendid voice to-night; quite a musical treat; not often we get that here." "no; i did enjoy it and —" awfully tiresome, wasn't it? just as much as i could do to sit it out." "yes, you don't catch me there again." "jemima, dear, do let me wrap that shawl closer round you, i am so afraid you'll catch cold." "o, thank you so much, alfred." i suppose it was the fear that his companion would catch cold that made the last male speaker walk with his arm round her waist. i was about to fly after them a bit, for i do enjoy listening to a spooning couple, when a voice i recognised stayed me. our james, and another; they were coming the opposite way to the home-returning concert-goers and halted underneath my lamp- post. (in reality i suppose the lamp-post is the property of the corporation; it's merely a figure of speech speaking of it as mine.) "well, i won't go any further with you," said jim's friend, who had a dark beard, and rather a seedy appearance generally so far as i could make out. "good-night," said james; "when shall i see you again?" "i should like to say never," returned the other; "but unfortunately i can't". "it's not my fault, you know; i've simply got to do as i'm told." "yes, of course; i can guess what you make out of the affair; you've got a nice tutor, and you'll do him credit." "i won't be taiked to like this," said james, beginning to bluster, in a feeble kind of way "i'm only an agent in the matter; go and talk to mr. bloomington." "so i would if i got the chance. if i had him here instead of you to-night, one of us would go into that river." james remarked vaguely, that that would do no good; but seemed rather taken aback at this novel view of the situation, and not at all anxious that the programme should be followed out, with a change of one of the principal performers. "good-night; it's getting late, i must be going home:" he went on, holding out his hand. "good-night to you; but i'm not going to shake hands, with you. you're young enough in years, but i would not change places for all the world; what you'll arrive at under bloomington's tuition goodness knows; either the house of assembly or the house of correction." and the speaker thrust both hands in his pockets, and strode back in the direction they had come from. james muttered something about a low cad, and walked off homeward, apparently rather relieved at not finding himself in the river. i was undecided as to my course of action for a few seconds, but with the promptitude of genius decided on following james' friend. i had some distance to go, until at last he stopped at a small wooden cottage, just the   ordinary kind of building that is so common in brisbane suburbs: two rooms in front and two behind, and an apology for, a verandah. there was a light in one of the windows; and the front door was unfastened, for it yielded at once to my new friend's touch; he entered, and closed it after him. the blind at the window was but scanty, and perching on the back of an old rocking chair in the verandah i could see distinctly beneath it. i had a good look at the stranger now that i had him in the light with his hat off; he was a man under thirty, with a dark beard and moustache, rather a good-tempered face; a man who looked the sort of being popularly known as a rattling good fellow; a man who could probably sing a good song with a chorus to it; and the very last to enunciate such bloodthirsty sentiments as i heard him giving way to on the bridge. he was not alone; a boy was sitting at the table with a book before him, a precocious looking boy whom l at once took a dislike to: the sort of boy who would throw a stone at me without any reasonable provocation. in some parts of the world there are creatures called monkeys; i have seen some in captivity here; i believe they are in the habit of pelting boys with cocoanuts in their own country. i have always liked monkeys ever sinoe i read that; i don't know that it is true, but if it is not it ought to be: there should be some show of justice in this world. "why did you not kick him out?" said this boy. "i'd have done it in half a minute." "don't talk like an ass, ben," said the other; "what do you know about kicking people out?' as the youth was at the mature age of fourteen or thereabouts it is probable he knew nothing whatever about it: however, he made up for it by glowering fiercely at his book as though it was an imaginary enemy, and even smote it with his hand. "where's milly?" said the man, unappalled by these warlike demonstrations. "i'm here," said a voice from the other room; and a woman came in and joined them. i took to her at once; something about her reminded me of my glrl clara. not in face, for she was nothing like so good-looking, but in her gentle quiet way of coming into the room, in the intonation of her voice—which was "soft, gentle, and low, an excellent thing in woman"— and in other little indescribable points. the man was now sitting down, and she went up and rested one hand on his shoulder as she spoke to him. "did you do any good?" she asked. "no; but i got something by my, walk, i found out that this youngster is doing bloomington's dirty work for him. since bloomington turned respectable he shows up as little as possible. so far as i can make out he got this young danten into his hands by first lending him money, and now gives him commissions to go to the places he does not like to visit himself; or is not game to, i should say." "hush! don't talk like that; i suppose he imagines he is right." "right! has he not had the money twice over, and now does he not want it a third time—if he can get it! i made him a fair offer." "if you had kicked him out," said the boy, returning to his first point, "it would have been all right" like many an equally sage remark this was unappreciated. the woman called milly intimated that he had better go to bed; and he gloomily retired into some back settlement; and i heard him pull off his boots noisily, as though regretting that they had not been used in the kicking process he so strongly advocated. "had you not better do the same!" said the man, whose name i had a burning curiosity to discover, but did not see how to do it. "not if you are going to sit up." "0, i shan't stay up long; i only want to write two short letters." milly left the room, and the unknown moved to the small table and commenced to write. i was getting sleepy, and thought i'd better go home, and roost in the big tree at the bottom of our garden, for there seemed no more fun on hand that night. i glanced round the room; it was shabbily furnished, but, as they used to say in good old moral novels, scrupulously clean. over the mantelpiece was a stockwhip and a leathern revolver case, apparently with a revolver in it; and above on two nails was a double-barrelled gun. suddenly my investigations were interrupted; the man at the table started up, and, tearing up the letter he was writing, exclaimed : "what a fool! why dunwick, of course!" he gave me quite a start, for seeing the shot gun had already made me nervous; but it seemed to relieve him, for, putting the writing materials away with quite a cheerful expression of countenance, he blew the lamp out, and left me nothing to do but go home. as i winged my way, with occasional rests, over the now sleeping city, i could not help chuckling at the thought of what i had found out about james. so elated was i that i routed out a lot of pigeons who were camped under the eaves of the town-hall, and made the idiots think the old gentleman was amongst them. at least one of two men who were passing and heard the noise remarked as much; whereupon the other intimated that he (the old gentleman) was probably coming after the first speaker; which idea was so intensely amusing in their then elated frame of mind that i heard them laughing all the way up the street about it. i got no sleep at all that night; a lot of horrid cats would keep prowling around and kept me in a nervous fidget until sunrise; then one of our servants opened the door, and i went in and hopped upstairs to jack's room where he smoked; there i had a good nap till clara woke me up about 11 o'clock, and enquired affectionately where i had been to. i was cross at being disturbed, and pecked her on the finger; but was sorry for it immediately afterwards: for she only said "0, maggie, how could you!" although i had pecked her pretty hard. i'm getting an awful old scamp, that's a fact; i'll have to reform. i had some lunch, and a dear old woman i love came to see mrs. danten and the girls in the afternoon. she's a treasure, that old lady; according to her account there's not a respectable woman or a sober man in brisbane. her name is maclure, and i heard her one day scandalising   a mutual friend to mrs. danten. "really it's quite too public, the way that woman goes on; positively if my girls were at home i would not allow them to call there; i think it's high time somebody spoke to her husband; but there! poor man, he's never quite sober, so what can one do!. and just then the very lady in question —whose only fault is being better-looking and better dressed than most other women—was shown in; and the old cat kissed her and fawned upon her in a way that nearly made me yell. i like that old woman to come when i am dyspeptic and apt to run myself down: it makes me feel thankful that i am a magpie. i heard them talking about a ball that was coming off in the town- hall. i'll be there; i did not clear those pigeons out for nothing. i've wanted to go to one for a long time; now i see a chance. i tried to look knowingly at james when he came home last night, but it was a failure—at least on his part. i appeal to any enlightened christian whether a magpie cannot look more knowing than any other bird that flies; and yet that obtuse james only tried to kick me, and couldn't see what i meant. i have it! he has a latch key; if i don't plug that key up with something, first chance i get, i'm a pelican: i'll teach him to kick at me. the bouncer was great on this approaching ball. she always insists on dressing the same as clara, which is hard upon clara; and equally so on the bouncer if she only knew it, but she doesn't. she has all manner of old jokes she makes about being taken for twin sisters, and always comes up smiling the morning after a party with innumerable fictitious anecdotes about people asking her which is the elder. of course everybody will say that i'm spiteful and prejudiced because we're not friends, but its not so; i know what is what (i have not the slightest idea what that means, but as i hear other people saying it i suppose its all right) there was a great disturbance between the bouncer and me the other day; we have scarcely been on speaking terms since. i got at her box where she keeps her provisions—she left it carelessly open—and i made a fine mess of things; i got the cork out of that sherry bottle, after hard pecking and picking, and upset it amongst her clothes; and the dear child has had fearful work to destroy the scent of the wine.   chapter vi "forget?" she murmured low, and turned her eyes on his, and laid her hand within his own. but that her bosom heaved in fall and rise but that each breath came choking through a moan, she seemed a soulless woman carved in stone. the pony was a grand idea; nevil had to give his young friend riding lessons, which of course entailed his frequent attendance over at sedgemoor, until dick grattan, the blushing young man, began to think that the boss must be gone on the new comer. poor dick himself had been vanquished at once, but of oourse had to retire quietly when nevil put in an appearance; but, although the youngster credited nevil with being attracted by the charms of the elder young lady, he never was more mistaken in his life. there is a certain amount of interest in any kind of contest, whether it be physical or mental; fighting between man and man or flirtation between man and woman; and in the latter kind of excitement both miss dunwick and davy nevil were very fairly matched. ada could not make out why her cousin, or aunt as she had been taught to call her, was suddenly so wondrous kind; she was not old enough to understand the position of being a bait. the riding lesson was orer one afternoon, and nevil was loitering in the verandah for a few minutes before leaving. "you can smoke if you like, mr. nevil," said the dark lady graciously; "i'm going to do the equivalent so far as our sex goes." "thanks, i'll take up a humble position on the edge of the verandah. what do you call the equivalent, miss dunwick?" "this; this nonsensical fancy work, that occupies your hands and not your thoughts: i never tried smoking but i fancy it must be very much the same." "not altogether; i certainly never tried that sort of work, but still i imagine there must be a difference: smoking with a great many people induces thought." "so does this, because it prevents your going to sleep. if you were to sit down simply to think, and do nothing else, you would find that you either speedily got up again, or went to sleep." "yes, so far i see a resemblance; but what about some mysterious counting operation i have noticed young ladies indulge in over fancy work; does not that interfere with connected conversation? i don't have to count the number of puffs of smoke i emit." "one should never argue when one's opponent displays gross ignorance of the subject in dispute; and i'm afraid, mr. nevil, that your last remark compels me to class you amongst such. shall i give you a lesson in the art?" "i'm afraid i should be but a dull pupil, even under such tuition." she looked at him as he said this as though suspecting hidden irony, but nevil's face was quite open. "what subjects are you quick at learning?" "everything that i should not learn; i have a natural predisposition for doing everything i ought not to do, and for leaving undone those things i ought to do." "and of such is the kingdom of heaven," remarked little ada, who was half asleep with her head on nevil's shoulder, and had been somehow dreamily reminded of the church service. "i stand a bad chance for that place," said nevil. "you're not bad; you're very good," returned ada, who was now wide awake. "how delightfully frank children are in their remarks; what a pity we men and women canmot be equally sincere!" "i don't quite agree with you; is it not better for a man to beg your pardon and say he differs from you than for him to call you a liar?" "on second thoughts i believe it would lead to the rapid extinction of the human race; but would that not be a blessing in disguise?" "well, yes, if you knew of anything better to replenish it with; the question is, do you!" "no; my knowledge is imperfect i have at times thought that beings exist, almost in daily and actual contact with us, who are our superiors in every attribute that we possess."   "i don't follow you exactly. do you mean exceptional minds, 'mute inglorious miltons,' and that sort of thing?" "i know what auntie means," broke in ada: "the people i see when i am asleep." "ada!" said miss dunwick, holding up a warning finger; and the child was silent at once. "i think i must be off," said nevil rising, for a sudden chill seemed to have come over him. "we shall see you tomorrow, i suppose?" "i am afraid i shall be considered taking up my quarters here directly; you must blame this young lady for it," he replied, patting the child's cheek. "you know you are always welcome, so don't let me think you are seeking for a compliment." "i suppose, then, we must consider another ride to-morrow the order of the day, ada; and in a few minutes nevil was on his homeward way, with two pairs of eyes watching him with very different feelings. "jane," said a voice from the room, and miss dunwick turned and joined her father. "there are a letter and a telegram by the mail. you can read them; both extremely pleasant in their way." "from robert armstrong, wanting money, says the telegram; i should imagine that having reached that stage of expectation he would have to remain there." "read the letter." "from uncle william, pleasant as usual; will be up in a week, and wants horses sent down to meet him. he'll be a bore and highly disagreeable; but this being his own place, and we occupying the proud position of his paid servants, i suppose we shall have to put up with it." "unfortunately that request for money by armstrong is one that will have to be complied with." "how perform the impossible?" "it will have to be done; evidently he is under the impression that i have dropped on my feet up here instead of being only in hiding as it were." "you surely do not anticipate trying to get it from your brother?" "scarcely: but there is another who might be made available—that gentleman who has just left." "i have no objection provided you do it; you can scarcely expect me to ask him. and how long does my amiable uncle intend to stay here?" "about a week i suppose; for heaven's sake keep your sweet temper in order during that time." "o, i'll be good; wait on him dutifully, and even clean his boots if required." "without going quite so far as that you may try to humor him." "my dear father, what is the good? i have no greater objection than you have to do all manner of sand-eating if any aim is in prospect: but with your brother you know, as well as i do, that the thing is absurd; he knows what we are worth." "deuced little at present," said her father grimly. "exactly, and that is his opportunity." "worse than that, as you know," replied the man gloomily. meanwhile nevil pursued his homeward way humming tunes to himself; his mind not at all occupied by the image of the young lady he had just parted from. he was a man who had scarcely had justice done to him in this world. as a boy he suffered by a comparison with his brothers, who were quicker and cleverer than he, and he gradually was thought the dunce of the family. under these circumstances it was considered that the colonies would probably make him acquainted with congenial spirits, so to them he was despatched when arrived at years of discretion. a ramble of a couple of years through victoria, new south wales and queensland led to his finally setting down and investing his small capital in the last-named place, where he prospered and did exceedingly well. his father and both his brothers having died before the date of this story, he was the possessor of a considerable fortune, apart from what he had made for himself. ever since his secession to wealth he had been always going to return to england, but something—as he put it—was continually turning up to stop him. the last obstacle was his going to take up new country out west, in company with an old friend and neighbor. this enterprise was nearly, as we have seen, making him a permanent resident in the colony, with a very limited landed estate. as he rode home this evening, he persuaded himself that this time he really intended to "put his foot on a ship and sail;" or probably do the less romantic act of putting it on a steamer. in pursuance of this wise resolution, that evening saw him confiding that resolution to grattan, who was plunged by the communication into a state of amazed doubt as to whether nevil had proposed and been rejected, or was running away because he was frightened that he would propose if he stopped. according to his promise nevil rode over to sedgemoor the following day. little ada, with the pony ready saddled, was waiting for him, and they were soon cantering round the paddock, for in the three weeks that had elapsed she had, made great progress in horsemanship. after about an hour's ride they returned, and in the course of conversation nevil mentioned his in tention of leaving the colony in a short time. poor little ada was quite heart-broken, and wept bitterly at the news, refusing all comfort in the shape of new and wonderful toys from england. "don't imagine that ada is the ony one who will regret your departure," said her cousin. "don't lead me to flatter myself that you will care, miss dunwick." "and why not? considering the utter loneliness we live in here, you would have to be a most uninteresting individual for your presence not to be missed." "then i am only to regard myself as one whose place in your thoughts can as readily be filled by the next comer who will amuse you?" "even if i could define the exact position you occupy in my thoughts, it would be highly improbable that i should afford you any information on the subject." "the social relations of men with women are so strangely constituted that any position of that sort would be difficult to define," returned nevil, who somehow felt that he was getting worsted. "you mean where love begins and friendship   ends!" said his adversary, keeping him to the point "ah, there we differ; for i hold that friendship and love alike have neither beginning nor ending; they are like eternity in that respect." "but there must be a beginning, and there is certainly an ending, to most friendships." "not to real friendship. men may quarrel, and remain separated for years, but the old feeling is always there; bret harte knew that when he wrote the story of the two friends who quarrelled about making the biscuits." "but about the beginning?" "well, can you define the exact moment when you first began to like a man, and court his society." his companion laughed. "0, of course i mean a woman in your case; we're talking of friendship in the abstract," he added in some confusion. "but a woman never has a friendship with another woman," said miss dunwick magnanimously passing over nevil's late slip. "judging from outward show they have most absorbing ones." "be wise then, and never trust to outward show; but when do you expect to come back?" for with such short time before her miss dunwick thought that the conversation ran too much into generalities, which were all very well in their way but did not seem to lead any farther. "like lord lovel, in a year and a day; but, as this is the fourth time i have started to go home without succeeding, don't be surprised if i get no further than brisbane." "and when do you start for there?" "the first thing to-morrow morning." "then this is a farewell visit! you are very sudden in your determinations, or you would have mentioned it yesterday," she said with the least trace of pique in her tone. "i only made my mind up last night" "i am so sorry my father is out: cannot you wait!" "i am afraid not; i must say good- bye now." but here ada created a diversion. she had nearly sobbed herself to sleep on nevil's knee, and now finding that he was really going she held him tightly round the neck, and refused to let go, so that her cousin had to loosen her hands by force, and carry her inside. "good-bye," she said, giving nevil her hand on her return; "may you have a safe and pleasant voyage!" their eyes met as they shook hands: both were questioning glances, and both were unanswered; or at least not answered in the way expected: matched in every respect they felt but "the stern joy that warriors feel in foeman worthy of their steel." as nevil rode away he turned once and looked back. she was standing leaning against the verandah in a faultless attitude, evidently watching him to the last. "by jove!" he thought, with all a man's vanity; "but she does care something for me after all;" and he pulled his moustache thoughtfully, and took, another glance at the sorrow stricken figure before losing sight of the house. he even felt tempted to wave his handkerchief, for he remembered many romantic pictures of cavaliers leaning back waving a last farewell to saddened damsels crying for them on the top most tower; but he didn't—he restrained himself, principally because he thought his horse would buck. it was just as well that he did, for miss dunwick was only thinking what a nuisance it was that her father had not come home in time to borrow some money from him! it was a fine moonlight night, and having a restless fit on him nevil determined to start for port that night. his way was back past sedgemoor, and, as that peculiarly pretty picture of a girl leaning against a verandah-post watching his departure remained pertinaciously in his memory, it may have had something to do with it: anyhow he had his horse brought up, and within a couple of hours was on his road again. strange that our most carefully prepared assaults are generally failures, when by some most unexpected and unintended stroke we nearly always achieve the end we aim at! miss dunwick had not the most remote idea of posing for nevil's benefit; she was simply looking after him with an eye to his cheque-book; and yet she had unintentionally succeeded in creating interest if nothing more—a thing she had never done before. it was after midnight when.nevil repassed sedgemoor, yet to his surprise there was a light still burning in the sitting-room. thinking it probable that either father or daughter would be there, he dismounted and went on foot up to the house. he went quietly; if the old man was alone he would probably retire as he came; if, on the contrary, the daughter was alone it seemed cruelty to awaken the father, who was probably tired by his day's rlde. like an old soldier he reconnoitred through the trellis-work at the edge of the verandah. but after investigating he did not retire quietly, he did not steal in quietly, he simply stood, rather amazed at what he saw: he felt that he ought to go, that he was acting in a low and ungentlemanly manner in standing there prying and eaves-dropping; but he could not move. curiosity or some other power had him spell-bound. from where he stood he could see the interior of the room through the open french window; he could hear every word in the deep hush of mid night; and a most unusual feeling of awe began slowly to creep over him, such as he had never experienced in the loneliest desert in the most remote solitude. ghostly and shadowy forms seemed to glide from the darkness and take their place beside him; to look over his shoulder, to surround him and prevent him from moving. he could have sworn that he was touched by them; but, as on cooler consideration be concluded that it was probably a tendril of the climbing vine that touched his cheek, he did not become a convert to the supernatural on that account. what he saw in the room was nothing very astonishing. ada was sitting on her cousin's lap, her face hidden in her shoulder; dunwick was sitting at the table writing; miss dunwick had some old tattered, soiled, and begrimed pieces of parchment in her hand, and ada was repeating something after her cousin or her cousin was repeating what she said—nothing more; probably the child was saying her lessons, although it seemed a strange time to choose, (to be continued)       chapter 7 & 8 maggie's secret   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   chapter vii.   "maggie's secret."   by "dramingo."   i can't stand too much of this kind of thing; i feel as seedy a magpie this morning as any in australia. i was at that ball last night; and i think there are a good many others who feel bad   this morning as well. nevil turned up about three days before the ball came off; he's looking very dull and stupid about something — seems very pre- occupied always. there were great preparations at our place for the festivity. the bouncer nearly drove me into a fever by her remarks on things in general. that girl will be the death of me yet. i was delighted to see that she was a failure, an abominable failure, when dressed. clara looked charming of course; she always does. i was delayed by a fight between two cats or i would have accompanied them to the festive scene, but a horrid black cat whom i hate was getting the worst of it, and i watched the result with great interest. when i got to the townhall i found that i could see through the windows admirably, as they were wide open on account of the heat. the ball was given to the officers of h.m.s. kangaroo, who were in great force in their uniforms. the fun was just setting nice when i arrived, and the first thing i saw was the bouncer waltzing with a little fat man with spectacles, who i'll bet my tail feathers was the doctor. poor little fellow, he was full of pluck, but he was feeling it, for as he passed my post of observation at the window i heard him gasp out an enquiry as to whether his partner would not like a rest; to which the bouncer replied, not at all, that she adored going fast; and she nearly lifted the little man off his legs with the whirl with which she emphasised the observation. bloomington was there; so was nevil. bloomington wasn't dancing, at least not in the early part of the entertainment; he laid himself out for conversation—that was his form that night, and a nice light easy style it was; i got the benefit of a good deal of it once, when he came and sat down near the window with a girl dressed in white and green, whose dress i thought was going to come off when bloomington trod on her skirt; i quite shivered when he brought her recklessly up with a round turn. it was the most interesting conversation i ever listened to that passed between them. bloomington looked uneasily at his boots, which doubtless were hurting him; and, after several attempts at speaking, said huskily, "is your mamma here to-night?" "yes," returned his companion in a still small voice, addressed to her hands, which she was carefully nursing in her lap. bloomington fidgeted about, and cleared his throat for another bold attempt. "it's—a—very warm to-night." "yes, i think it is;" and then they both were silent again, and seemed still more troubled about their hands, which on bloomington's part were painfully prominent. however he tried once more; i saw the fire of resolution mounting in his eye, and with a determination to do or die he burst forth with the original remark: "are you fond of dancing?" "yes," she said, thinking that it was preparatory to being asked to dance. but he only smiled feebly and said: "well i'm not." she looked disappointed, whether at his not liking dancing or at his not trying i don't know; but after they had both looked at bloomington's boots for a long time a happy thought struck him, and he said with an air of tender interest that was touching in the extreme: "shall i take yon back to your mamma?" a feeling of relief came over his face as she took his arm; evidently he thought that he could not have kept up the mental strain much longer. by this time everybody seemed, as the newspapers say, to be thoroughly enjoying himself; the girls' dresses, and the sprinkling of   naval uniforms amongst the black coats made up a picture that even i admired, hardened old ruffian that i am. nevil alone seemed very moody. he danced with our girls, and one or two other ladies, more as if it was a matter of duty than anything else; and, that done, he came and stood near my window, absently watching tbe others, but without his face displaying any interest in what he was looking at. i often wonder why it is you men put on so much side when you are out of temper. if you are bored, or have had a bill sent in to you, or have got tight boots on, when you go out to what is supposed to be a gathering for the purpose of extracting some sort of pleasure out of your miserable surroundings, you immediately assume an air of severe virtue, and stand on one side and look with scorn and contempt on the people who are enjoying themselves, like the imbecile humbugs that you are. presently i flew away to one of the windows at the other end of the building, but, beyond this change of position, i saw nothing more than i saw at my former post; it's astonishing how much alike all these affairs are. some middle-aged ladies were sitting at this place criticising (rather harshly) the young girls present. mrs. maclure was one of them, and the way she cut and slashed indiscriminately right and left was immense. there was not a good-looking girl in the room that she did not scandalise, and the only one i heard her speak well of had a broken nose and a squint. dear old woman, i should have liked to have gone and pecked her shoulders for her, but i was not game; generally my courage is high enough for any exploit, but i somehow felt that i should be out of place in a ball-room; i mean that it would be beneath me to enter such a scene of frivolity. i stopped at one of the other windows on my way back, and listened to some young fellows who were talking, and stroking their upper lips in lack of a moustache; one was james. he said to the others in tones of languid exhaustion that in itself spoke the blase feelings of twenty seasons: "nothing in the room to-night; one never sees the good-looking girls one used to some years ago. james was playing marbles at school some years ago, but his hearers for their own youthful sakes were interested in keeping this pretty fiction of their huge experience going. they looked wearily round, and nodded assent. "i never dance now," said one hero of eighteen or nineteen, "for that very reason." "no," said another who got two falls after supper; "the girls now have no idea of time or anything else; they tread on your toes, and make you hot and uncomfortable for nothing;" and the speaker ostentatiously hauled at a pair of gloves two sizes too large for him. i felt sorry for these youths; evidently the naval men were carrying it all before them, and james and his contemporaries had to content themselves with the position of on-lookers. when i got back to my original post of vantage, i found that agatha and the doctor (i feel certain he was the doctor) were engaged in a most desperate flirtation. i always would back the bouncer to get up that sort of thing quicker than any other girl of my acquaintance; but, when she got a short man to practise on, the headway she would make in an equally short time was astonishing. the doctor was drawing a touching picture of the business of a sailor's life, "cut off—except at rare intervals—from scenes of gaiety and pleasure like the present," he said poetically and pathetically. agatha threw a glance of tender pity at him, sighed and looked down at her bouquet as though her heart was ready to accompany him across the tossing surge. "i shall leave this town," said the doctor—who had been looking on the wine when it was red, and was now trying to look over the top of his spectacles—"with an image—l won't say whose —indelibly imprinted on my,"—he seemed rather at a loss for a word, but finally said "memory." again the bouncer sighed, and in her maiden bashfulness and nervous agitation broke off a modest rose-bud from her bouquet. "may i?" said the doctor, and stretched his hand for it. "no," said the bouncer relinquishing it to his eager grasp; "i cannot let you have it." the doctor took the flower, and finally put it in his pooket, being at first uncertain what to do with it; then he looked very hard at agatha, and glared fiercely at a man who came up to claim a dance. l am often greatly astonished at the degree of ferocity a man develops in propor tion to his size; it's an inverse ratio. by this time i was getting tired, and flying up to the top of the building i had a quiet nap for a couple of hours or so. when i came back things were much more lively; supper had given confidence to numbers, and some of my feeble young friends who had talked so much of their youthful days were being piloted round by intrepid young damsels. nevil's temper did not seem to have been improved by the champagne; he was standing with clara near my window and keeping up his share of the conversation in a very forced manner. in fact the ungrateful brute seemed rather relieved when another dance freed him from his companion. he came over to the window and looked sulkily into the street; and jack, who had been doing yeoman's service, came and joined him, "jack !" said nevil, "i wrote and told you that i intended to go home to england by the end of this month. i have since changed my mind. i want to find something out before i leave." "is it a secret?" "it's something i don't understand myself. it's about the queerest experience that ever happened to a man." "can't you tell me what it is?" "hardly: in the first place you'd laugh at me, in the next you would probably think that i was mad. i will wait till i hear from my partner out west before taking you into my confidence." "who is he; do i know him?" "only by name, i think; blount, who used to have the station next to mine, higher up the river; you may have heard me mention his name." "i think i have; but this all sounds very mysterious." "and it is mysterious; l am fairly puzzled, and am delaying my departure on purpose to sift the matter through."   "well, forget it for to-night; you're like the typical death's head at the feast at present." "i feel dull, i admit, and shall gracefully retire, i think." "come and revive your drooping spirits first; you'll probably stay then." nevil smiled faintly, and turned away with jack; then as i saw jack come back alone i concluded that nevil had left, so i flew to the lower part of the building and saw him come out, and stand at the door lighting a cigar. then he was accosted by somebody, who in the uncertain light looked something like james' friend of the bridge. whoever it was they turned up the street together, and disappeared in the darkness. i am delighted to think that if i felt seedy this morning the bouncer was prostrated utterly. james says he was danced off his legs. clara seemed rather put out and absent; but i don't think it was altogether the ball that caused it. i shall have to alter my opinion of nevil directly unless he uses his eyes a little better. agatha has been throwing the doctor (i knew he was the doctor) at everybody's head this morning. she appears to be under the impression that she has the whole of the royal navy at her feet: she was wondering how she would look in a sailor's hat, and talking about blue serge dresses and sea sickness in the most familiar way. james was gloomily mysterious about some girl in pink, with a camellia in her hair, who either made an impression on him or was impressed by him, i could not make out which ; it might have been both— a mutual impression. at any rate he was very peculiar about it, and sniffed vigorously in a loud aside at a flower which she was supposed to have given him. that there are sadder moments in a man's life than those passed, after mild dissipation has been indulged in i believe, but i do not think that one ever experiences such a feeling of having failed to reach the high level you started to attain when you went first for the festive scene as you do the morning after a ball. you fail in a good many other ways and do not experience such painful remorse; you might even kill a man and not feel so bad about it afterwards as you would if you thought you had not made that impression on matilda elizabeth that your striking appearance deserved. i am afraid bloomington felt like that the next morning. he seemed to be come unhappy after that conversation i over heard at the window; in fact some irreverent men who had also overheard it, and who did not owe him any money, chaffed him after supper; even offered their arms and asked if they could not take him to his mamma; at which bloomington smiled in a sickly way that betokened intense appreciation and enjoyment. but i should not recommend one of those gay dogs to get into bloomington's power for all that. bloomington never had a chance to get near clara; for i was glad to see that, if master nevil showed an absence of judgment and discernment that would have disgraced a sparrow, other men bad not such lack of appreciation; and if my girl was not the nicest girl there in the opinion of a good many i'm a hen; and i'd almost sooner be a man than that. the bouncer too had no time to spare for bloomington, eligible as he was; the novelty of the doctor's attentions "fluttered the dovecot" so. i think a b. and s. would do me a world of good; i head a report upstairs just now as if jack was indulging in one; and think i shall go and investigate matters. i had some out of jack's glass, and think that, all things considered, lam entitled to sleep; so in sackcloth and ashes, with rather a headache, i close this chapter.   chapter viii. methought i saw a thousand fearful wrecks; a thousand men that fishes gnawed upon; wedges of gold, great anchors, heaps of pearl; inestimable stores, unvalued jewels, all scattered in the bottom of the sea. "and, having buried the treasure at the foot of the large rock that i have fully described, gervais and i started for the high mountains that we had seen from the mast- head." these where the words that nevil heard as he listened outside the vine- covered verandah. little ada was speaking in a low tone, miss dunwick repeating the words after her, and her father apparently writing them down. in this most innocent occupation there was nothing so strange as to lead nevil into the breach of social laws that he was then committing; the fascination lay in the child's voice; it was not her ordinary voice at all; it was not even a child's voice. it was the sort of voice that you would expect a corpse to speak in, if it suddenly got up, and commenced to tell secrets of the other world; and, what was strangest of all to nevil, he thought he recognised it. he listened, almost holding his breath, whilst the story went on. "after many days' travelling, we arrived at the foot of them, and commenced the ascent with some difficulty, on account of the thick growth of vines that clothed the sides of this range. after we got to the top the country was much clearer but very rugged and mountainous. we suffered greatly from hunger, as there were very few wild creatures of any sort, and we found but little fish in any of the streams we crossed. we followed the course the water appeared to be taking, as we thought it would lead us into more level country, until one day we came to a place where the river we were then on ran between two high mountains; and on the aide of the westerly one there was a deep ravine, where gervais picked up several small pieces of virgin gold. this place i have marked on the chart with a cross. we then followed the river on for many days, and at last came to an encampment of natives, with whom we made friends. we tried to find out from them if they had any knowledge of people of the same color as ourselves, but although when we pointed to the west they did the same with great cheerfulness, which encouraged us very much at first, we afterwards found that it meant nothing, only a simple way of repeating our gesture. when we left, these poor people followed us with great show of friendliness for some hours; and gervais, who was tired, was anxious to stay with them. but as i had strong hope of reaching some of our colonies in india, if that our strength would but hold out, i persuaded him to   come on with me." here the strange voice ceased, "she is reading well to- night," said dunwick; "we could never get so clear a narrative before. i have noticed a change for the last five minutes." "let us see if we can get any more information about the place of their first landing," he turned his daughter. she turned to some other part of the manuscript that she held in her hands, and the weird voice from the childish lips commenced again. "i pulled back to the ship to see if there was anything more worth saving, and then i saw the most horrible sight; for the mutineers had commenced to carouse in the state cabin and had taken the dead bodies of their comrades who had been shot, and the bodies of the officers, and put them up in seats with goblets of spirits in their hands; and many of the galley-slaves were already lying drunkenly on the floor. and at the far end of the cabin were two lamps, burning before the image of the virgin mary with the christ in her arms, and she looked down on all this scene of riot where the dead men sat at the board, and their murderers caroused with them; and as the ruffians passed they bowed down, and crossed themselves with bloody fingers. when i saw all this i felt that i had been very guilty in leading these poor wretches into mutiny; until i remembered all the cruelty i had witnessed in the torture rooms, and the scars on blount's wrists, where he had been stretched on the rack; then i thought i had been justified in regaining our liberty the only way we could. so, not letting the slaves see me, i rowed the little boat back to shore, and laid myself down between blount and gervais, who were sleeping on the sand. it was near morning, when the noise of a great explosion aroused us, and gervais and i sitting up saw the hulk of the ship bursting into flames; and, even as we watched it, it sank, and then we missed blount, and knew that the powder- magazine had been fired and that he must have done this thing, because of his great hatred and the oath that he had sworn against all the spanish nation. and in the morning we saw him pulling about the bay in the little boat, and counting the bodies that had been thrown on the rocks, or were floating on spars; and when at last he came on shore he was quite mad, for his oath had been fulfilled, and his brain gave way. we watched him for two days and nights, but he would eat nothing, and died without recognising us at all; only talking much of his wife who had been burned by the inquisition; as he told me when we first planned the mutiny. when he died, gervais and i were quite alone, for nobody had come ashore after the explosion; and we saw no more natives after it, for they must have been frightened, and kept away. then we made up our minds to bury all the treasure we had brought on land from the ship." again the voice ceased. "this is strangely coherent to-night; cannot we get the name that has evaded us so long?" said dunwick. "ada, who is it that is writing?" said miss dunwick touching the child on the forehead. "a tall man dressed like a sailor; his clothes are very ragged, and his left hand has a bandage tied round it," replied the child in her natural voice. "cannot you tell his name?" "yes ; his name is david nevil." nevil started at hearing this, but managed to remain quiet and undiscovered. dunwick jumped to his feet excitedly, and exclaimed: "we have it now; we are on the right track; jane, you can, you must, manage this. see how this link of association has helped us on to-night; what else could have pieced together that broken illegible narrative that before we could make nothing of? we shall be rich yet." jane dunwick put the child down in the chair, and walked once or twice up and down the room. "i may be able to do something, but it is a doubtful outlook; how much have we to dread now!" and she glanced significantly at the apparently sleeping child. "yes; one way and another things are getting desperate; and if we could but make this coup we should free ourselves easily from all that is now threatening. there is this man armstrong to be silenced; and my brother coming up in a few days." "yes, mr. david nevil would be very useful in two ways: i think that he might afford us present relief; and certainly help us on in our grand discovery, which i must confess i did not feel very sanguine about before to-night." "the coincidence of the names is singular, when taken in conjunction with the extended knowledge that ada has displayed to-night." as he spoke, the child got off the chair and, with closed eyes, walked across the room, towards the door opening into the verandah; apparently, as nevil thought, with his hair standing on end at the idea of discovery, having found out by some occult means his near presence, and evidently coming straight to him. he was some what relieved to see her cousin stop her, and, lifting her up, carry her into the bedroom. nevil, keeping carefully in the shadows, stole back to his horse, feeling a more disgusted man than ever he did in his life before. he felt what the americans call mean, and as he rode down to port he vowed that the next time he played eaves-dropper would be a queer episode in his life. that he should be looked on only as a medium for raising the wind was galling in the extreme, and the annoyance of the thought stopped him from considering the other passages of the night until cooler reflections ensued. then he fairly felt puzzled. what had he to do with buried treasure, and some old-world story that had neither beginning nor end to it i? but the confounded thing haunted him, and he could not shake the feeling off at all. at last he determined to write to blount, and find out whether there was anything in the past history of his family that would corroborate what he had heard. he found the small township of embarkation fuller than usual, there being several men in from the neighboring stations; and he was not sorry to seek in their society a few days' oblivion from reflection on his late adventure. the township was certainly made very lively during the few days they were awaiting the arrival of the steamer. when people fairly lay themselves out for it, it is astonishing what a large amount of amusement can be extracted from the smallest   possible materials. when the steamer arrived everybody seemed surprised that the time had passed so quickly. one passenger landed. he was an elderly man, with a stubborn peevish face, who made a most awful fuss about the absence of some mysterious parcel which he was under the impression had been deliberately thrown overboard. this matter finally adjusted by the discovery of the parcel in his own pocket, he proceeded with an injured air to engage a room at the hotel, loudly complaining at the non-arrival of horses to meet him, from sedgemoor, of which station he professed himself the owner. he declined to entertain the suggestion that as the steamer was before her time the horses would probably turn up on the morrow; threatened to have the landlord summoned for keeping a disorderly house, because the cockroaches made a noise in his bed-room at night; went round to all the stores asking the price of everything, but buying nothing; told every fellow whom he could get hold of, with an air of triumph, that his personal expenditure was under 5s. a week; and finally departed, the curse of the entire township on his head. over the calm sea that shelters itself between the great barrier and the main land, and amongst the numberless islands that dot and stud it, nevil found himself always thinking of the story of his namesake; wondering whereabouts the scene occurred that he had heard described: and at last got so annoyed that he determined to forego for a time his purposed visit to england, and satisfy himself that the whole thing was humbug. [to be continued]       chapter ix maggie's secret   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   by "dramingo."   chapter ix.   maggie's secret.   i've been very bad lately, really i thought once or twice that i was going to die; i must have caught a cold at that spree at the town-hall; afraid i'm getting too old to knock about much.   clara nursed me through it; she made me a nice flannel dressing-gown to wear, while i was bad, and the bouncer stole it to pad her back hair with. nice way to treat a sick bird! james proposed digging a grave lor me in the garden, but i'm worth a large and varied assortment of dead magpies yet. i had not voice enough to whistle for quite two days; i'm better now but still rather shaky; i'm not in my proper form at all; i let three strange cats stop in the garden ail yesterday morning—hadn't enough energy in me to go and turn them out. james has simply become a drivelling idiot ever since that ball; he's taken to writing poetry, and insists on reading it to clara; he had me turned out the other day for making a noise when he was at it. for once the bouncer and i are in thorough accord; he tried to read it to her, but she objected, and told him it was all nonsense; so he fell back on clara and his mother. mrs. danten is very deaf and admires james' poetry immensely; but then she never hears more than a few words of it. clara has to find him rhymes, and she has a bad time of it. this new craze has fairly hunted jack from home of an evening. as soon as he sees james make an appearance with an inkstand, three or four pens, and a large blotting-pad, he retires at once; goes and looks up nevil, and what they do then i don't know, but i intend to follow them and see as soon as i get well. it's this girl he met at the ball that has upset james, and started him on poetry; all this composition is addressed to her. "now, clara," he'll say, "what do you think of 'walk' for a rhyme to 'stalk?'" "but you're not going to talk about her stalking are you?" returns clara in a voice of alarm. "no, no ! it's the stalk of the flower i'm addressing; the one she gave me, you know. i commence— '0 flower that rests upon a slender stalk in fancy still with thee i once more walk.'" "but i don't understand exactly; don't you mean to walk with miss pengulphus? because there it's the flower you once more walk with in fancy." "it does read like it;" said james ruefully: "but i want to get that flower in somehow. how would it be to put"— 'o flower that rests upon a slender stalk, your scent reminds me of a vanished walk?' "well that's very nice ; but somehow it looks as though you were alluding to a garden walk, a path." "what a blessed language this is!" said james despairingly ; "whenever you say anything you find out afterwards that you meant something quite different." this sort of thing was going on last night; it was nearly a fortnight after the ball, and the bouncer had almost ceased to talk about the doctor of the kangaroo. james had just hammered out a beautiful rhyme of "nose" and "rose;" mrs. danten was nodding deaf, but affectionate, admiration ; agatha was reading with a look of scorn on her face; clara's had that sublime expression of resignation that martyrs are supposed to wear. talking of martyrs, the only ones i know personally wear anything but an expression of resignation on their faces. i know one old lady who always says she's a martyr—to rheumatism; and she looks as though she condemned all creation when occasion offered. jack was out; he's got into a confirmed habit of stopping out of a night late. it's nevil's fault; i'm beginning to change my opinion about that youth; why can't he come here, and make love to clara? i'm sure he couldn't find better employment. "well, as i said before, james had just struck it heavily—five or six ounces to the ton at least; i forget what the lines were—something about 'her nose, hovering like a bee above a rose;' and he was reading them aloud with an air of   self-complacency that is maddening to contemplate quietly, when there came a knock at the door ; and soon afterwards one of our girls—the new chum one who tried to drown me in a bucket of soap-suds—announced that mr. armstrong particularly wished to see mr. james danten. james got up turning very red, and went out into the hall, followed of course by me. i felt it incumbent on me to see this mr. armstrong. what a lark! it was james' friend of the victoria bridge. "do you want me?" said our youngest. "you don't suppose that i came here for the pleasure of your society only, do you?" retorted the other rudely. " yes, i do want you ; i want to pay you that money, and get a receipt in full of all demands from you. i've been looking for bloomington everywhere, but without success." "will you come with me?" said james uneasily; and led the way up to jack's den. i followed, and met james coming down stairs again to get his poetical inkstand. i went on, and finding the door ajar hopped in. armstrong, who was sitting down, looked round at my entrance, and said 'maggie,' so i went over, and perched on the back of a chair close to him; and we looked at each other till james came back. armstrong produced a roll of notes. "write out a receipt in full for bloomington," he said. james did so, armstrong took it and scrutinised it narrowly. "stamp it," he went on, handing it back again. after some hunting james found some receipt stamps, and affixed some to the document. armstrong gave him the notes, and james counted them. "i had not much time to spare" said the visitor; "to-morrow morning would have been too late, i suppose! bloomington would have been down on me at once." "probably;" said james sulkily; "i know nothing about it." "know nothing about it!" replied armstrong in huge contempt ; "what do you do his dirty work for then, i should like to know?" and the speaker rose, and went to the door, passing out without the parting ceremony of good-night. he left james busy locking the notes up in a drawer, armstrong's parting shot apparently being unheeded. i should have liked very much to have got at those notes, but james was too careful; i'm afraid he has a bad opinion of my honesty. james did not write any more poetry that night: jack and nevil came in soon afterwards, so he smuggled it quickly out of sight. nevil seemed in better spirits than usual. i began to think that at last he was going to properly appreciate clara; but she is such a little fool as soon as nevil began to show her the slightest bit of attention, she would get as reserved as possible. she could take a lesson from her sister in that aspect. i get awfully disgusted at times ; i can't make out why you men and women do not say and do what you mean ; it is a puzzle to me; if you were all magpies what a nice world this would be! after the girls had gone to bed, nevil came up to the den with jack to smoke a pipe. i suppose you think i did not go up too! i did not smoke; i sat on my favorite perch, the back of a chair, and listened. both of them leaned back smoking silently; then nevil, taking his pipe from his month, and gazing reflectively out of the open window, remarked that things in general were radically and intrinsically all wrong. the enunciation of this undoubted fact only eliciting a grunt from jack, nevil requested him to wake up, and advance an opinion on worldly affairs. "contradict a man, or do something." jack took a meditative sip of whisky and water, and started: "to begin with, it does not follow that things are all wrong, simply because you happen to have a fit of indigestion, been smoking too much, or have got hold of a bad brand of whisky." "all of which i deny: i have the digestion of an emu, this is only my third pipe to-day, and i certainly can't allow you to run down your own whisky." "then we must look elsewhere for the cause of this sudden distaste for things worldly. how does your heart—such as it is stand affected? is the image of this miss dunwick obtrusively taking possession of it?" "to a great extent but not in the way you imagine. i meant to have waited until i heard from my partner blount, but i may as well tell you to-night. i told you about the new neighbors we have at sedgemoor, and the strange feeling that seems to exist between the child and her relations. well, i started to come down here in the night, and as i passed sedgemoor which is on my road, there was a light still burning in the sitting-room, although it was past 12. i left my horses at the yard, and went up to the house on foot" "to take a paternal farewell of this pretty child? or a fraternal one of miss dunwick !" "the real truth was that i thought it probable that it would be only miss dunwick who would be up at that time ; as her father i knew had been out all day —" "and would probably be tired, and sound asleep. scene—a verandah; david nevil in the character of romeo, miss dunwick as juliet— go on : the whole thing is distinctly before me." "possibly, being a creature of impulse —" "a child of nature!" murmured jack. "i might have had some such idea in my head." "presuming that some tender passages had passed before, i was a savage myself once, and know the ways of you uncivilised beings." "perhaps if you will leave out those perfectly unnecessary comments i can get on." jack winked solemnly at me over his whisky and water, and we both listened intently. "when i got to the verandah, so far from finding the fair lady alone, i saw that the whole family was up." "so you did not go in; neither should i under the circumstances." "your experience of a wicked past has guided you aright in this instance. i did not go in ; i was about to retire as i came, when a peculiar voice arrested me*" "a hated rival," suggested jack. "nothing of the sort; to judge by appearances i should say that the voice proceeded from the child ada, who was sitting in her cousin's lap ; but it was the strangest voice you ever heard ——"   "might have had a bad cold!" "it was a horrible ghostly kind of voice that compelled me to stay and listen to its words." "i trust the family, as you mildly put it, were all in a sufficiently presentable state to stand such unwarrantable inspection at such an hour." "miss dunwick had some old discolored papers in her hand, and dunwick was sitting at the table writing down what was said." "and what was said ?" "apparently the child was repeating the contents of a diary, written by a sailor who had been cast ashore on this coast and with a companion was making inland, under the impression that by so doing he would reach some part of india." "remarkable instance of deficient geographical knowledge on the part of a sailor!" "this seemed to have been written some 200 years ago ; it spoke of a spanish treasure ship being taken by the galley slaves, who had mutinied ; it told of this ship being blown up, after the treasure it contained had been taken and buried on shore; it told of the two survivors finding rich auriferous country, on their way in land ; and—the name of the sailor who wrote it was the same as mine!" "a most romantic and interesting account to listen to. pray are you aware of a piratical or buccaneering ancestor?" "i believe we have always been mixed up in outside work more or less, but cannot recognise this particular individual." " and what has blount got to do with this ?" " the name of one of the party was blount" " and you have written to see if any of his ancestors were hanged at the yard arm ?" " yes ; but this is strange : so far as i could make out, the manuscript is illegible ; and the child was reading it under mesmeric influence." "this is piling on the agony with a vengeance. my dear fellow, just look out of that window." "well." "do you imagine that in this country of commerce, of constitutional government, of municipal councils, of hideous public buildings, of—of badly-lighted streets, of defective drainage, and of general upside-downness, i'm going to swallow such a ghostly old romance as this? look at the town of brisbane, with night throw ing a kindly veil over its painfully plain face, and imagine the spirit of any old buccaneer coming here again!" "i never said he did, my dear boy ; but i'm certain that the child was in a trance of some sort, and so gifted with a power of deciphering the substance of this old diary ; and if you had been there with me you would have been equally convinced." "as i was not, however, allow me to be sceptical. but what do you intend to do by stopping here any longer ?" " i mean to obtain that diary, and find out all about it" " my dear fellow, allow me to suggest as an amendment that we go out now and find some oysters." "but let me conclude first. after the ohild finished reading i heard some very uncomplimen tary remarks about myself." "modest youth: of course you listened to them." " i am sorry to say that i heard them almost before i was conscious of what i was doing. they were simply a tacit understanding on the part of both father and daughter to make ' a rise,' to speak colloquially, out of me." " forewarned; forearmed." "yes ; and i intend to go back, and be bled with my eyes open," said nevil savagely. "there's something i don't understand going on, and if by allowing them to think me a fool i can find it out i shall do so." jack smiled knowingly. " i should say that somebody's self-love had been severely wounded; that he must have flattered himself that the young lady had taken a fancy to his ugly face, and was slightly cut up at finding that her affec tions were centred on his pass-book." nevil looked angrily at his companion for a minute ; then he laughed : " come and regale yourself on oysters as you proposed, and let us drop the subject for the present. remember, i need not mention secrecy." " secret as maggie here ; consider my word passed." then they both left, and i went to sleep ; till jack came home very cheerful about two hours afterwards, woke me up, and called me a rowdy old bird ; also tried to teach me to whistle "we are jolly good fellows ;" an insult i revenged on the spot   chapter x. " o'er all there hung the shadow of a fear; a sense of mystery the spirit daunted; that said as plain as whisper in the ear ' the place is haunted." the evening sun, kissing a few floating fleecy clouds, until they blushed a fiery red at the act, sank behind the range that was visible from the sedgemoor verandah, and at about the same moment the owner of the place put in an appear ance. he did not display any anxiety to see his relations on his arrival; he rode round on a tour of inspection before going up to the house, and in that tour of inspection nothing seemed to please him. he turned up a nose that nature had already sufficiently elevated at everything that came across his path ; nothing pleased him; and when he finally dismounted at the house his first words to his brother were : "the gauge of that stockyard is all wrong, and why the deuce don't you get some fresh milkers broken in, instead of keeping those great big calves there in the pen ?" there was little likeness between the brothers, the only resemblance being in the crafty look in the eyes, that seemed peculiar to both. jane dunwick came out to greet her uncle, receiving with frigid reluctance the kiss he bestowed upon her; and little ada crept shyly up, and gazed with awe at the new-comer. " that's a brute of a horse you sent down for me ; why don't you swap or sell him, or do something to get rid of him ?" " i thought he was rather a good hack," re turned the other mildly. " good hack ! if that's your idea of a good hack, you'd better change it as speedily as possible. he's nearly shook me to death." " pity that he did not quite," remarked miss dunwick. " oh, you're there are you, my handsome piece   of ill-temper ; you have not got a husband yet then ?" the younger brother interposed, and stopped the fiery retort that was bursting from his daughter's lips, by fussily insisting on showing the visitor his bed-room. " for goodness sake, jane, keep your temper under control," he said on his return. " what am i to do? listen to all the insults he chooses to heap upon me, without a word in reply !" " yes, when words are likely to be such costly articles." " very well ; see if i am not the personifica tion of meekness," and the young lady put on the aspect of katharine when petruchio orders her to trample her cap underfoot." the elder brother on his re-entrance into the room lolled carelessly on the sofa, amusing him self by passing agreeable remarks on things in general. " what a neat hand to wipe glasses !" he re marked of his neice as she busied herself laying the table. "why don't you turn barmaid? you'd draw splendidly ; bring in any amount of custom." he laughed heartily at his joke, but perhaps had he known how nearly that neat hand was catching up a knife from the table, and send ing it straight and sure into his heart, he might not have been so hilarious. ada came in for her share of teasing; the child palpably shrank from her relation, and he seemed therefore to take superlative pleasure in insisting on her coming and sitting on his knee, while he asked her all manner of provoking ques tions ; shaping them in the way that would most annoy her cousin, and be sure to bring down a visitation on ada's head after his depar ture. by the time that the child had been re duced to tears and complete discomfort, the evening meal was ready, and the happy family party sat down to enjoy it. to a certain extent it was a dinner of herbs, so far as frugality of viands was concerned ; but a stalled ox would probably have developed less hatred and would certainly have stimulated con versation. on a station where there are not many hands employed, beef has a happy knack of lasting a long time, and getting both hard and salt in an undue manner. as this dish formed the principal feature of the entertain ment, the repast was to a great extent marked with a melancholy tinge. dunwick senior ex pressed great disapprobation of everything, and bullied his brother until one would have thought that he had passed the limits of human forbear ance. "there are many devils that haunt this world," as barham says ; but, to differ from him in the conclusion that he draws, one of the worst is a domestic bully; a man who is never less satisfied than when things are exactly as he wants them. things amongst the cattle on sedgemoor were in anything but apple-pie order, so during the following few days dunwick senior fairly revelled in his favorite amusement of finding fault. the man and boy who constituted the whole station staff enjoyed it immensely; they came in for occasional rubs themselves, but this was as nothing to the fun of seeing their boss dressed down. mustering time on a station is always more or less a season of trouble ; but when the control of affairs is in the hands of a man who knows nothing of his work, aided and abetted by a restless incarnation of censure, some curious complications arise at times. poor grattan from riversdale, who came over with men to assist his neighbors, was nearly driven into a state of lunacy, and on several occasions the cattle camp was almost becoming an arena for personal combat. however, thanks to grattan's perseverance, the muster drew to a close, and there only remained one outside place to work. it was known as the " lagoon hut," being the remains of an old sheep station standing on the bank of a lagoon. it was on the verge of a great extent of broken scrubby country that stretched away to the watershed of the rivers running to the westward. the country was useless and unavailable, and a great place of resort for the blacks. the hut itself was nearly surrounded by scrub, and the dark and lonely lagoon that it stood on was almost guiltless of winged life. a small mob of outside cattle, half wild, and always difficult to get, ran in the neighborhood, and it was generally the practice to go and camp at the hut in order to get after them with the earliest dawn. grattan, one of his men, and the younger dunwick went out there for this purpose one evening. the hut and its surroundings seemed to them more dismal than ever as they unsaddled and hobbled their horses out. "i always think somebody must have been killed here once," said dick to his companion : "there's such an uncanny air about the place always." " i don't see what difference that would make. i saw a fellow shot in a theatre once ; but the place never looked less jovial after it" " i suppose it's all imagination and fancy, but i never did like this place at ail" " it's not cheerful by any manner of moans, but i've been in many a worse camp, and so have you." dick looked around at the shadowy thicket of brigalow that almost encircled them, and shivered. the moon was just peeping over the tops of the trees, and casting grim shadows in the foreground, a kind of deceptive half light that let the imagination create all manner of strange possibilities hidden in unillumined por tions of the sceoe. the first night's camp is generally a restless one. a man as a rule is not sufficiently tired to appreciate the virtue of a hard bed on the ground. grattan was in this position ; he tried first one side, then the other ; got up and had a smoke ; tried counting, saying his prayers, and every device he could think of, but without success. dunwick slumbered peacefully to all appearance, undisturbed by his companion's restlessness ; as did the other man who was with them. about the middle of the night, the moon being then bright and clear overhead, making it almost as light as day, grattan, who had fallen into an un easy doze, suddenly awoke with the idea strong in his head that he heard voices, or rather that it was the sound of voices that had disturbed him. he sat up and looked around. appa rently all was as peaceful and quiet as possible. far away a night hawk waa mournfully hooting, but that seemed the only sound, and at last he   came to the conclusion that his fancy had played a trick on him. under this impression he was about to lie down again when, beyond the possi bility of mistake, he heard voices in conversation at a short distance in the scrub ; and as he rose to look in that direction he missed his companion, or rather one of them ; dunwick was no longer sleeping by his side. [to be continued.]       chapter xi "maggie's secret."   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.*   chapter xi.   "maggie's secret."   by "dramingo."   if i haven't had an adventure since i last wrote! i've been stolen, run away with; abducted just as if i'd been an heiress. i'd been up to see the butcher's dog, and had   enjoyed myself immensely; coming back i noticed an ill-looking scoundrel of a man, who at first i thought was a member of the assembly ; however, he was sober, so i suppose he wasn't. i got home all safe, and went to sleep on the window-sill when i woke up, there was a cat, a strange cat, asleep on a flower-bed in the garden, just as if the place belonged to him. i went down and turned him out; then i hopped up on to the top of the railing, and admired the plaoe generally; clara, who was watering some flowers, and showing off her figure to perfection, in particular; and the bouncer, who was inside hammering away at the " messenger of love" waltzes, not at ail clara went inside, and i fell into thought, musing upon the state of the world, and thinking how much better it would be if i and some magpies of my acquaintance had the ordering of affairs. to slightly alter cowper, " i thought that thia great roundabout, the world, with all its motley rout, church, army, physic, law, its customs and its businesses is no concern at all - but bless us!! i said—what said i ?-" caw!" for i was suddenly enveloped in darkness—com parative darkness—a bag had been thrown over me, i was whipped off the fence, and fiercely struggling heard the "messenger of love" waltzes die away in the distance, and knew that i was being carried off. at last i thought it best to resign myself for a time to my fate. i guessed by the noises i heard that i was being carried at one time across queen-street; i heard a bus-driver shout " valley! new farm !" quite distinctly. presently a door closed : " where's the cage ?" said a man's voice, and soon after wards i was roughly bundled through an aperture of some sort; and although i pecked savagely, and from the blasphemy that ensued i believe successfully, i found myself shook out of the bag that had nearly stiffled me, and in—o horror!—a cage. if there is a bugbear that haunts me through life, it is a cage; i have always dreaded it, always thought how i should pine away and die, if once i found myself within those wire bars ; and now the dread of my life had come. what to do i knew not. 0 for jack or clara to put in an appearance! even the bouncer would have been a thing of beauty and a joy for ever at that supreme moment. where was i ? what were my surrouudings ? a nasty dirty room, half bed-roomi half sttting-room, pictures cut from illustrated papers being pasted on the walls; dirty plates on the table, some bread and meat, and a jug ; the man whom i saw in the morning and two awful women being the occupants of the room. " he can talk a perisher," said the man, " i've heard him over and over again ; i'll get a note for him anywhere." " you mustn't take him to that end of the town to sell him, bob ;" said one of the women, " 'cause everybody will know him." "think i'm a blooming idiot? no; i know where to hawk him—if i only knew how to make him talk when wanted." i spent two or three most miserable days, such as i never hope to spend again. i will not inflict on my readers the scenes i witnessed in that hovel. at last one afternoon the man picked up the cage, and putting on his hat started out to try and sell me, thinking himself safe by this time. i had made up my mind to refuse to utter a word, and had steadily declined to touch food ; i preferred death to captivity. the first public house we came to the man turned in to it. there happened to be nobody in there drinking at the time, and after vainly endeavoring to persuade the landlord of the place to invest in   me he went on to try his fortunes further afield. the next place he took me into was a larger and more respectable place. seeing several people in one of the back parlors, my captor penetrated in there, and placing the cage on the table com menced to dilate upon my unequalled merits as a conversationalist. "he can say anything, but he's a bit shy at being in a strange place; hi! pretty maggie!" the idiot went on addressing me as though i was a cockatoo. " nobody want to buy him ? i'll sell him cheap ; i could get a couple of notes for him anywhere where he's known, and i'll let him go for thirty bob." nobody seemed inclined to rise at this offer, so my new owner went on : " say twenty- five then ; i'm stone broke or i wouldn't let him go for that." " i'll give you 5s, for him and the cage," said one young fellow who was lolling on a sofa. the man looked at him with a pained expres sion of surprise on his face, then picked me up and was retreating towards the door with me, when who should enter but bloomington and a friend. i screamed out something incoherently, but bloomington recognised it and looked curiously at me. " want to buy a magpie ?" said the man stop ping when he saw the look. " where did you get him from ?" said bloom ington. " a mate of mine brought him down from cooktown." " it's a lie." i said as distinctly as i could. bloomington recognised my voice i believe ; he looked closer at me, and said: maggie !" "clara ! clara !" i called out" " i know that bird," said bloomington, " and i believe you stole him." " you're a something or other " returned the man ; "just come outside and say that." "john," said bloomington, calling a waiter, "go and fetch a policeman ;" and turning to my gaoler, "if you don't give up that bird i'll give you in charge for stealing it." "and how about the cage, governor? my little boy found the bird," said the man, suddenly collapsing. " here's half- a-crown for the cage ; now clear out;" and my late captor disappeared, and i found myself indebted for my liberty to bloom ington of all men. with the cage, in a cab, bloomington and i were soon bowling along to my home. wasn't clara glad to see me ? bloomington should have thanked me for all the pretty speeches he got. i was too busy eating to listen attentively to what they were talking about, but from the stray words i picked up here and there it seemed to me that bloomington was relating how he rescued me at the peril of his life, against fearful odds. " whilst i was struggling with the man," i heard him say, *' the bird called out your name, and immediately i hurled the thief to my feet, and picking up the cage fought my way through the others to the door." really, but for downright ingratitude i should have flown at him for getting his name up with my little girl on such false grounds. there happened to be nobody at home but clara when we arrived, and bloomington put on the pace tremendously. i felt very mad about it; evidently i had been the very means of ad vancing him in clara's good books—a thing i had been so anxious to avoid. i thought it hard of fate to act in this way ; and all the pleasure of my late deliverance was shadowed by this new cause of annoyance. when mrs. danten and agatha came home, bloomington fought his battles over again, and got enough kudos to have made a hero of him for life. he was asked to dinner, and was in the seventh heaven. i was happy to see that a reward of five pounds had been offered for me ; and yet that wretched man was going to sell me for one; and that youth on the sofa offered five shillings for me and an old cage. well, well! some people never rightly value anything till they lose it. the cage was put in an old out-house in the garden, and when i feel particularly savage i go down and spend some time in pecking at it. the most outrageous part of tbe whole affair is that ever since my abduction bloomington presumes that we are the greatest possible friends. i'll fatally undeceive him some day. "well, maggie!" he'll say to me, " how are you this morning ?" just as if i were a chum of his. i don't like to peck him, for of course i'm under some sort of an obligation to him ; but it's just the fortune of war, nothing else : he need not make such a fuss about it. i don't like the look of affairs at all. james has been blossoming out with a lot of new clothes and ready money lately that i'm sure never came from his screw. what if he's sprung some of my plants ? there's five and sixpence buried down the garden, next to the white rose tree ; i have not looked at it for a long time, and he might have got that; but still that would not go far towards paying a tailor's bill. i'm afraid there is some undue influence at work. jack's getting very different of late, too ; he and nevil are always away together, and i can see clara looking quite sorrowful sometimes. i caught her crying to herself once, after blooming ton had been ; not much, you know, but i just saw a big tear form in each eye, and she had to put up her haadkerchief. she's such a little fool ; just the sort of loving little girl you men like to bully. full of this, i determined to watch master jack and nevil last night; so when jack went out after dinner i went out too. i tracked him down to the hotel whore nevil was stopping, and then, having a holy dread of those places after my late adventure, i flew on to the top of the house opposite, and waited. in about half an hour they came out together, and went down towards the valley. it was a very quiet neighbor hood they got into at last, and they stopped at a public-house at a corner of a street. jack remained outside and nevil entered. pre sently he came out accompanied by a girl i could not see her face, but from her voice i guessed that she was young; she was showily dressed. the three went for a short distance along the street, and halted at a place where there was a fence, and no houses. " any news, bell?" said jack as i got within hearing. " yes," said the girl, " i have, and good news too." " any chance of bowling our friend out?"   "that you must judge for yourselves after hearing what i've got to tell you." nevil looked cautiously round, then said, " go on." " i met armstrong," proceeded the girl, "and after a deal of trouble persuaded him to help me. fortunately he has a great respect for you, mr. nevil, or i don't think he would have done it, for he hates your brother, mr. danten. how ever, he told me that he would give you all the information he was possessed of about the dun wicks ; that he had a very shrewd idea of the way bloomington and the elder one were work ing together ; and that he had already suffered considerably by them, and would aid you in every way he could to damage them." "but we have no desire to damage them, bell," said nevil; " you quite mistake us. bloomington is doing a very ruffianly thing, which we simply want to prevent ; as for his connection with dunwick, that is no affair of ours." "we do not so much want to prevent as to de tect him in the act, do you understand!" added jack. " i understand what you want," said the girl impetuously, " but i want something too ; i want to damage him as much as ever i could damage a man ; i'd like to have him come crawl ing and whining to me for 6d. to buy a drink with." " your sole and only idea of the value of 6d.," said nevil. " now tell me, did armstrong ex press any wish to see me personally ? i do not remember him, nor do i know of any reason why he should have such a respect for me." " yes, he was very anxious to see you, and to thank you, he said, for a great kindness you did to him once." "seemingly i have cast my bread upon the waters unwittingly, and after—how many years, jack?" " don't ask me; i'm not up in scriptural quotations." the girl looked impatiently at each of them— she did not understand this by-play. "what am i to do now ?" she asked. " do, my child ?" said nevil, " nothing more than you are doing now ; keep your eyes open, and report proceedings." " and are you not going to wring his neck, or horsewhip him, or anything ? why if i was a great strong man like you i'd never let him be alive in the same country." " don't excite yourself, my young friend ; if you were big and strong, as you were good enough to say we are, you would probably do as we are doing—bide your time, knowing that the neck-wringing or horse-whipping can be done at any moment when required." " and," said jack, in his quiet sleepy way, " it is probable that you would be the first to in terfere to prevent the latter operations." '* it's a lie!" exclaimed this impetuous young party, beginning to cry. " i hate him, hate him, hate him !" and she stamped her foot vehemently at each repetition of the word. " well don't bring all the police in the neigh bourhood about; we'll believe anything, but stop crying." " you're all alike," said my new and excitable acquaintance, who seemed to be getting in a diffi cult mood to manage ; " you two are only using me for your own purpose, and laughing at me all the time." " never laughed at a woman in my life, except when i thought she wanted me to ; always found the sex too serious a matter," said jack. " you're doing it now; it's laughing in another shape." "be quiet, you old ruffian ; let me manage this," said nevil. "now, bell, do listen to reason " 0, if you expect a woman to listen to reason i'm off for a stroll;" and jack turned away. worlds shall not bribe me to reveal; tortures could not tear it from me ; how nevil succeeded in the space of two short minutes in reducing the young person from a state of rampage to one of smiling serenity. when jack came back, the little outbreak of temper had entirely disappeared, and the young lady of the name of " bell" was once more hand and glove in all the unholy pur poses of this strange confederacy, whatever they were. " my dear fellow," said nevil, as their ally left them to go back to the house, " never chaff a woman ; they don't understand it." "my equally dear fellow, i know that, but i have not the energy that you possess ; i should have told that young damsel not to play tho fool, instead of coaxing her as you did." "and rendered her an implacable enemy, instead of a fast friend ; but did you note the information about dunwick and bloomington supplied by this mysterious armstrong?" " i did ; and did you obtain his address so as to interview him on the subject ?" " i confess i forgot it." " being too much occupied in soothing the feel ings i had irritated. allow me to compliment you on your vaunted diplomatic talents." " time enough for that," returned nevil; and they turned homeward, as did i. i found another magpie perched in a tree as i went home. he was a stupid sort of bird, and i had some difficulty in getting into conversation with him ; when i did i found he had just come down from the country, and was deplorably ignorant of town life and the ways of men ; the silly thing seemed to think me a perfect wonder because i lived with them. i have a good opinion of myself, but never thought ot putting on airs on that account; in fact i always was under the impression i was condescending rather in so doing.. i got home before jack did, and found clara alone reading. the bouncer had gone to bed, as well as mrs. danten, who always retires early. i am an early bird myself, but i went and kept, clara company for some time. poor girl, she seems lonely of late. jack came in before he went to bed, and i was very glad to see him pet the little girl a bit ; i'd have done it myself if i'd known how : one ot the small disadvantages of being a bird.   chapiter xii thia man was happy—had the world's good word, and with it every joy it can afford ; alas how changed! expressive of his mind, his eyes are sunk, arms folded, head reclined ; those awful syllables, hell, death, and sin— though whispered - plainly tell what works within.   young grattan paused—listening. albeit a shy diffident youth, who could scarcely say "no," and one whom any girl could fool if so inclined, he had any quantity of physical courage ; and, although he was slightly awed at the eeriness of the situation, it was not that which made him pause before looking to discover the meaning of voices in that place at such a time. his trained ear told him at once it was not a blackfellow's voice, and as dunwick was away it was probably his; if so, there was no reason why he should follow the sound up ; it was no business of his. as he hesitated, from the same direction in which he had first heard the voice came a deep groan. buckling on his belt, with his revolver on it, grattan started at once without further hesita tion. the sound came from the edge of the scrub, distant only a few hundred yards, and he was soon under the dark shade cast by the silvery leaves of the brigalow. then only a few paces from him came once more the broken words that he had first heard, and a dark form was visible, kneeling on the ground in front of him. it was dunwick, and grattan stopped in dismay when he saw that he was intruding on a man convulsed with an awful paroxysm of grief or remorse. *' it muat be so!" he heard him say ; "i can see it coming! and then—afterwards! hell eternal!" and the speaker moaned once more ; and dick retired, startled and surprised. it was some two hours before dunwick came silently back to the camp ; and grattan, feigning slumber, lay motionless until the paling stars and the flush in the east gave him an excuse for jumping up and arousing the others with a shout of " daylight;" quite forgetting that he would probably startle any cattle that might be in the immediate neighborhood and send them far into the depths of the scrub. a more unlucky day he never experienced in all his bush career than the one that followed. they got fresh tracks in all directions, they found where cattle had been, and where they were likely to be again ; but the most prolonged search failed to discover where they then were, and the result was that sundown saw them with tired horses and decidedly bad tempers riding up to sedgemoor without a hoof of cattle to show for their day's work. dunwick senior was most sarcastic on their non success, but dick, who rather prided himself on his knowledge of station work, turned upon him so fiercely and unexpectedly that the owner of sedgemoor was glad to fire his shots at a safer target—namely, his brother, who could only sug gest that the blacks had been about and startled the cattle. " did you see any tracks of blacks ?" yes; they had all seen tracks more or less fresh. " i don't believe it; it's just an excuse for not finding the cattle." they were standing by the hut where the saddles, &c.;, were kept when this ill-advised remark was made, and grattan still had his whip in his hand, having just turned his horse out. galled already at the imputed slight cast on his bushmanship, he was roused beyond restraint at getting what was equivalent to the lie direct, and immediately struck dunwick with the double of his stockwhip. the blow was not very heavy, for the young fellow's rage was too hasty, and it was done on the impulse of the moment; but so far as a deadly insult was concerned it was quite enough to bring on an indiscriminate up-and down kind of personal encounter; " and blood— 'twas from the nose—began to flow." the younger brother and the other man present exerted them solves to stay the combat, and at last succeeded, before much injury had been done on either side. the damaged proprietor of the station breathed forth threats of unheard-of vengeance, to which his adversary retorted as ready a defiance. this sort of thing dying away as usual into muttered bluster and low growling, grattan caught his horse, and giving his men orders to draft out the riversdale cattle, and bring them home the next day, shook the dust of sedgemoor off his feet, and departed homewards as darkness was closing in. dunwick senior got very fierce, so soon as his assailant was out of sight, and finally expressed his intention of showing them what fools they all were by going out himself in the morning and getting in the cattle from the lagoon hut. dunwick took an opportunity of informing his daughter of what had passed, and she therefore was able to refrain from any affectionate en quiries as to the cause of several bruises becom ing visible on the countenance of her uncle. she felt a deep debt of gratitude to grattan, and i am afraid that she enjoyed that evening of her uncle's stay better than any that had preceded it. dunwick the elder employed himself all the evening in writing letters ; in one or two of them enclosing cheques. his brother sat at the same table reading, with his head resting on his hand ; but he watched the writer across the table a good deal more than he did his book. jane and ada were at needlework, and an un broken silence reigned, until the elder brother finished his last letter, and querulously demanded the mail bag. this being produced, he put his letters into it; and was about to commence the sealing-up process, when jane said she had a short note to put in as well. " a love letter, i presume; if it's as sweet as your temper i pity the fellow who gets it" " i should be sorry to deprive you of any portion of a feeling that you must know so little about as pity, and in this case your sympathy is needless." " hem! make haste, i've no time to spend in snarling, i want to go to bed, and get up early in the morning." deigning no reply, his niece wrote a short note, and gave it to her uncle, who jealously kept the bag in his hand. rudely looking at the address, before putting it in with the rest, he sealed the bag, and marched off into his bed-room taking it with him. "go to bed, ada," said her cousin, and the little girl putting away her work retired too, and father and daughter were alone. the father lifted his head from the book, and was about to speak, when his daughter rose, and beckoning to him passed out into the verandah. dunwick followed. "he has got ears like a cat; have you any thing to say ?" she said cautiously. " yes ; i must send armstrong that money by to-morrow's mail, or he will use his knowledge   of the past as he threatens, and a felon's doom will be my experience for the rest of life. and it is so little, too, i require; one of those cheques he was writing to-night would save me." " did you see the amount of any of them?" " yea; i saw him sign one for £75 ; that would just meet this demand." " the mailman passes at 12 to-morrow." " and he goes in the morning to the lagoon hut." " you will go with him ?" " i must; there is no one else. the men will be busy drafting, and the riversdale men will go to-morrow as soon as that is over." "i wish young grattan had killed him this evening." " well!" said her father, questioningly. "well; to what do you refer ?" " not to your last remark, which was doubtless natural enough, but about the mailbag." "go on." " i shall write a letter to armstrong to-night, stating that i send him a cheque for the amount of his claim upon me." " well, again ?" " will that cheque be in it ?" his daughter turned and walked up and down the verandah once or twice, with tightly clasped hands hanging down in front of her. her father watched her without a word more. once again the shadowy forms seemed to gather round, and peer from the darkness into the verandah, gazing at the tall beautiful figure, with looks of mocking enjoyment, with nudges of silent delight and noiseless laughter. unseen spectators enjoying hugely the death grip in the arena. jane dunwick stopped, and looked at her father intently: " have you considered the apparent certainty of detection!" "i have." " and know how to elude it ?" "i do." the girl turned away again, and looked out at the calm still silent night, that was so soothing, so passionless, so eternal. the struggle was a desperate one ; but the viewless onlookers knew how it would end, and crowded closer and closer to see. the man behind leant against the wall, and looked on too. " jane," he said at length, "it matters little to me ; but the criminal's daughter —of what avail will good looks or intellect be when she goes through life with that brand on her?" "of what avail has it been hitherto?" she returned. " you are young yet, and have had few oppor tunities ; with wealth it would be different. think how near we are getting to the solution of what has long perplexed us ; to-morrow will see that beyond our grasp if i am to be no longer at liberty." " flight" " and poverty in another country ; toil and drudgery for you, scant fare, and shabby dresses; the contempt of other women who have neither your beauty nor your mind; possibly the streets, and the hospital. here, if we are free to remain, we have a clue to wealth, and all that wealth will purchase ; choose !" " i have done so ; armstrong will get your letter." " i understand; now ask me no more about how i will evade detection ; i have it all worked out" from an uneasy couch, tormented all night by dreams of trouble and of danger; with waking thoughts but little more cheerful than these sleeping ones had been, jane dunwick arose next morning. of all the evil times mankind has to experience, the early waking to renewed trouble is the worst; you are dimly conscious that for a time you have been free from, the gnawing thoughts that have haunted you on the previous day, and it is with a bitter feeling of hostility that you find yourself thrust once more into the world to encounter the upshot of a combat in which you dread being worsted; like a soldier who through a hot fire has reached a place of shelter, and suddenly finds himself compelled into the open to run the gauntlet once more. the hut looked more lonely than ever when the brothers reached it about the middle of the day; the remains of the camp-fire of the night be fore were still smouldering, and on the quiet lagoon not a ripple was visible. few words were exchanged as the men dis mounted for their mid-day meal, though had one of them known that at that instant his letters of the previous evening were but charred cinders, and that the mailman was speeding towards the port with the cheques that he had drawn under very different covers, he would not have swal lowed his pot of tea with quite so much satisfac tion. but he knew nothing of it and growled at everything and everybody in his usual fashion. he growled still more when at night they had to return and camp at the old hut without being more successful than the party of the day before. more over, the fresh tracks of blacks were unmistakable, so that it was evident his taunts had been misap plied. however, he made up for this by abusing his brother for allowing the blacks to come so close. the night was cloudy ; towards morning a misty drizzling rain began to fall and roused one of the sleepers, who proposed going to the hut; to which the other growled forth an indistinct reply, which was not in the affirmative apparently, for he did not attempt to move. daylight broke, lowering and threatening. the younger brother had gone after the horses, and the elder was sitting, or rather crouching, over the struggling fire, with his damp blanket over his shoulders. a movement, or the sound of a movement, behind him made him turn, but he saw nothing ; he heard his brother in the dis tance driving up the horses, and, lulled by the warmth of the fire stealing through his stiffened limbs, he fell into a half musing dreamy state ; from which he was never awakened—unless awakening it could be called to be suddenly usheried into the presence of death. it came upon him unawares from behind in the shape of a crushing blow, dealt with a nulla-nulla, upon his head—a blow that beat in the skull, and stretched him on the wet ground beside the fire. the blood oozed down and trickled on to the earth, soaking and spreading, as it mixed with the muddy water, till it made a hideous pool for the dead man's head to rest in. there was no need   for the murderer to repeat it. the half-closed eyes stared at the fire—sputtering under the falling rain—with the glazed look of death ; the limbs moved not, even when two or three spears were driven through the body. then, save for the sound of retreating footsteps, which were soon lost, a great stillness fell upon the place. a crow flew up and looked at the man, wondering why he lay so late. in his experience men always got up at daylight, or soon afterwards. growing bolder, the bird flew down and commenced to pillage the camp; in which exploit he was speedily joined by some companions, who fought and flapped about, with hoarse " caws," glancing ever and anon suspiciously at the still figure that might suddenly arise and disperse them. . . a revolver shot in the scrub ; then four more in rapid succession, and the crows rose and flew heavily away. a man rode up on a bare-backed horse; dismounting, he hastily saddled him ; and then, scarcely glancing at the body of his brother, rode off hard towards the station. and the crows came back once more to keep the dead man company ; and the rain came down harder, as if trying to wash out the blood-stain on the ground. by the evening of that day several men were assembled at the lagoon hut; the body was put into a cart to be conveyed to the station for burial; and the others, led by the murdered man's late antagonist grattan, started in pursuit of the murderers. darkness closed in on them before they succeeded in picking up the track ; and next morning hours elapsed ere any clue could be found. the rain had washed it ail out, and the blackboys searched in vain. at last, two miles away, a dropped nulla was picked up ; then a tree where a 'possum had been lately cut out was found; then a track made during the rain, in the soft ground ; more were soon seen, and by 3 o'clock a defined trail not many hours old was discovered. by nightfall the noise of a tomahawk was heard, and the lights of the camp fires were visible. then came a weary night's vigil, born patiently in the hopes of vengeance. once more dull louring morn broke on a scene of violent death—of retributive justice. sixteen blacks were left dead around their camp in return for the murder of the day before ; but no spoils of the murdered man were found in the camp ; and grattan felt a slight misgiving that they might have dropped on to the wrong mob. however, as a good many cattle had been speared on riversdale lately, he comforted himself with the reflection that if they did not deserve it that time they assuredly did for something else. dunwick's account of the tragedy was, that he drove the horses up near the camp, and then went back to see after one that had gone in another direction ; that he was not quite in full view of the camp at the time, and could not say that his brother had been then alive ; but that on his return with the missing horse he suddenly came upon several blacks, whom he dispersed with his revolver; that on going up to the camp he found his brother murdered, and immediately rode away to give the alarm, and muster up a party for pursuit. . dunwick the elder was buried at sedgemoor. a neat iron railing encircles the stone, sent up from sydney; said stone telling how he was treacherously murdered by the blacks, also making some complimentary remarks about "'death finding him prepared," which was alto gether a statement without foundation on the part of the composer of the epitaph; but then that species of literature is never supposed to bear a reputation for reliability. [to be continued]   the san francitco newt letter is a very en terprising and ingeniouß journal. for borne months the world has been apprised that a pic ture containing 300 colored photographic por traits "representing the beauty, wealth, and enterprise ot california" would be issued at an early date. at last this work of art, which is described as "an heirloom for the palaoe, mansion, and cottage," has appeared, under the name of "at the play," the three hundred notabilities being grouped as in a theatre viewed from the stage. wealth and enterprise are not perhaps pictorially interesting, so that we are disposed to be lenient to the two-thirds majority on the score of their very ordinary looks ; but from the beauty of california we have a distinct right to expect some outward grace to justify its reputation, and feel therefore some sense of in justice at the uniform level of the plainness that we feel must be a libel on the ladies in the dress circle. many of the men's portraits have a very distinctive chaincter, which induces a belief tbut they are good like nesses. there is a key to thy picture which gives the names and callings of the different citizens pourtruyed, and we are somewhat puzzled to find that a large proportion of them are described as " capitalists." noting the nume rous safeguards that are thought necessary in this colony to guard us against the wiles of this particular clase, we should be glad to know how the capitalists are restrained in a country where " the cream of society" abounds with them. we are gratified to notice a goodly sprinkling of journalists in this " cream"—one, by the way, bearing the not inappropriate name of f. h. oassaway. we have handed our heirloom over to mr. byrne, of the queen's hotel, who, we trust, will frame it worthily, and find it an at traction for our colonial cream. the largest library in the world is stated to be the national library at paris, which, in 1874, contained 2,000,000 printed books and 150,000 manuscripts. the british museum and the imperial library at st petersburg both contained about 1,100,000 volumes in 1874, and the relation is probably the same now. the royal library of munich contains 900,000 books. the vatican library at home is sometimes erroneously sup posed to be among the largest, while in pcint of fact it is surpassed, so far as the number of volumes goes, by more than sixty european collec tions. it contains 105,000 printed books and 25,000 manuscripts. in the united states, the largest is the library of congress at washing ton, which in 1874 contained 231,000 volumes. the boston public followed very closely after it with 206,500, and the harvard university reflection came next, with 200,000.       chapter xiii maggie's secret.   literature   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.*   chapter xiii.   maggie's secret.   by "dramingo."   it's a singular and intensely aggravating fact that i can never commence the day, at peace with myself and all men, but i am sure to be annoyed and upset at once. now yesterday was   sunday ; and i had gone to sleep under an arm chair, for the house was quiet and everybody at church. i slept so soundly that the first thing i knew was the bouncer plumping down in it, and shoving it back in that airy graceful manner peculiar to her, nearly driving it over my toe. i hopped out into the middle of the room and said something very strong, i was in such a fright. i was sorry for it afterwards ; for everybody heard what i said most distinctly, and they were all talking about the sermon at the time, and i got into instant disgrace. but it was the bouncer's fault; who wouldn't swear if 15st of humanity was suddenly within a hairs-breadth of flattening his middle claw ? i'm thankful to say that james has left off writing poetry. whether he got to the end of all his rhymes or the young lady received his ad vances coldly i don't know; but at any rate clara now has some little peace. james got rather. severely taken aback the other night; what between his latch-key and the key of that terrible safe at the office, he got oonfused, and took the wrong one out with him; i was asleep in the passage, and heard him come trying to get in. however he couldn't, so he went round and assayed the windows. i yelled out at onoe, and brought down jack, who, hearing the noise of somebody shutting the window in the dining-room, rushed in and nearly demolished poor james before he oould make himself known. the bouncer came to the top of the stairs, and cried "fire," and almost roused the neighbor hood. master james has had his latch-key taken away, and he's awfully sulky about it; says he'll run away and go for a sailor ; but there's not the least chance of it in my opinion. jack only wanted a fair excuse to take the latch-key away from james ; but it's no use, the bouncer will let him in, and then james won't tell tales about her; they always work together, those two, and hate each other as well. bloomlngton and nevil have both gone north ; went away the day before yesterday. somebody has been killed by the blacks up there, so far as i could make out, but it's all very mysterious. whether bloomington is going up to take possession of nevil's station, or nevil going to take possession of bloomington's, i know not; they won't take me into their confidence, yet they talk scraps of conversation before me in a way that excites my curiosity in an awful degree. so far as i can make out there is a surprise in store for somebody ; but who that somebody is i can't make out; and the worst thing is that there's a girl mixed up in it: i heard nevil pity her, saying " poor girl, it will be a blow for her." confound him, why can't he pity clara; what does he want to go pitying strange girls that i know nothing about ? anyhow they are both gone, and we are left lamenting. the time drags very heavily; what with my nocturnal adventures of late, the ball and other little things, the present seems tame and uneventful. i've got a soaring spirit, that's my failing ; why was i born a magpie ? i remember an incident that occurred a long time ago in my youthful days ; it's quite true, mind you, and it was brought back to me by my wishing i was a man ; because when i witnessed this i was glad i was not a man; and on the whole i think i am glad ; it was a rash wish, born of momentary discontent. it was a pretty plaoe i was living in then, on a high bank overlooking a small river that came tumbling and brawling through a rocky gorge ; it was nearly always running excepting in very dry seasons. just beneath the bank where i lived, the river formed a deep wide pool with white sandy banks. o! such bright, clear, beauti ful water ; from the top of the bank you could look down into it and see the fish swimming about; and green water plants growing at the bottom : creepers used to twine up the sides of the rocks, and show off their rich green color and shapely leaves against the rugged stones, and the tall gum trees shot up on either side, with great smooth white trunks, looking as stately as such old veterans had a right to. it was such a nice lonely place ; hardly ever a white man came that way ; that's why i liked it so. i did not know then how familiar i should get with the race. one morning in summer — a bright fresh morning, before it got too hot to be pleasant—a man came riding up the river. quite a young fellow, almost a boy ; a handsome lad sitting his horse so easily, and singing so merrily to himself that i quite envied him as he passed on and was lost to sight, he seemed so happy. in a few hours he came back—l suppose he had been looking for outside cattle—he was cantering smartly, and when just beneath my tree his horse struck his foot against something, stumbled, pitched on its head and then fell on to its side, on top of the young fellow ; there they both lay quite still the horse was dead, it had   broken its neck ; but the man was not, only a little stunned. when he came to, he tried to dis engage himself, but could not; the dead horse had crushed his leg, and held him fast. at first he seemed hardly to comprehend it; i heard him laugh at the absurdity of the situation; then he shouted and cooeed several times, as though he had some companions near ; but no one came. towards evening he seemed to get frightened, and tried to dig away the ground with his sheath knife ; but it was rock he had fallen on. all that night he kept me awake, and in the morning he was delirious ; but when the sun got hot it was terrible. he could see the water just beneath him, and he was consumed with the thirst of pain and fever, and raved and struggled. the ants had found him out too, and were helping to drive him mad. i could not go away ; i had to stop and watch him all day ; sometimes he broke down altogether, and sobbed and cried. yet the place looked as lovely, as peaceful, as quiet as ever. that night i shall never forget. it was so still that every splash of the cold water heard; so near did it seem to the poor wretch beneath, it was as if he had only to hold out his hand to feel the drops falling on it. there was not a cloud ; when i looked up, the stars were so pure and calm that it seemed impossible that they could be looking on the tortured figure be low. but he was there still; i oould hear him groaning, and crying for death to come to him. once he was silent, just at daybreak when a low moaning wind came stealing through the forest, and i thought perhaps death had come with that strange blast, but death was not so merciful the sun found him still alive, but i don't think he suffered so much that last day. he had lost all knowledge of his position, and talked at times as though he was speaking to friends who were about him. once or twice he beat the ground feebly with his hand ; but presently i saw him smile, for i had flown down close to him. then he murmured a girl's name, and spoke softly as though he was at peace and happy ; and i knew then that death was very very close. i did not see him die ; i only knew be was dead by his stillness. the smile was on his face and on his lips when he had passed, and he looked more like the merry youngster that had ridden up the river than be had done at any time during those horrible two days. i went close to him when i knew he was dead, and put my beak softly on his cheek ; then i flew away, for i heard men coming—coming too late. they were sorry when they found him there ; i saw tears start into one or two pairs of eyes, and the owners turn away, and speak roughly and rudely as though ashamed of it; though perhaps it was the purest feeling they had felt for many a year. what put this old yarn into my head to-day ! it is not the only death struggle i have seen, fought out without human witnesses ; why does it come back to me now so vividly ? i suppose i'm out of sorts, or bored, or dull now there's nothing going on. i'll go and listen to clara and agatha, and see what they are talking about; i don't admire girls' conversation as a rule, but one must be amused somehow. agatha was giving clara some good advice; fancy, the conceit of it t " i know you have only to give him a little encouragement, and you will have him propose to-morrow," said the bouncer. "but," returned clara, petulantly for her, "that's the very thing i am trying to avoid; can't you see that ? why don't you give him some enoouragement t" i had a qniet chuckle to myself; i knew that they were talking about bloomington. as if the bouncer had not given him heaps and heaps of encouragement ! "ah ! there was a time when i thought that i might have brought my heart to like him, but another has usurped the place." (of course she meant the doctor.) "no, i relinquish him to you." "don't, please don't," said clara in high alarm; " i detest him, you know, and wish jack would not let him visit here." "o, you little hypocrite i" said agatha half spitefully, half playfully ; " don't imagine i'm so blind as all that" " what do you mean i i can't bear being teased without reason ; you know i intensely dislike him, and always have." " at any rate you took care never to let him see it," said the bouncer quite spitefully. clara got up, and looked reproachfully at her sister, but did not say anything, only turned and walked out of the room ; but i knew she oould not say anything without crying. now at any other time the bouncer might have indulged in her jealous fits, and only made clara laugh, but just now it was different; i knew what the real trouble was that made my little girl so soft hearted ; and i felt so savage that i went straight for the bouncer at once and a pitched battle en sued. my blood was up and so was her's, for i had drawn it from the back of her hand at the start. she threw a book at me, and knocked a vase down from the mantel- shelf. when clara came back she said that i flew against it, and knocked it down; and i got into the wars at once. that's the sort of treatment one meets with in this world : i took clara's part and she scolds me, simply because the bouncer tells stories. i'm disgusted; i know something is going to happen soon. i think i'll go back to the bush, and end my days in peace and quiet ness ; it's all vanity and vexation of spirit here; ingratitude on all sides; and i'm getting old. why should i put up with it when the bound less forests of my youth invite me back to their arms? and i've been so low-spirited lately that i'm certain something—some catastrophe is impending . oh ! there it is ; no !—it's the luncheon bell; how shockingly nervous i'm getting; perhaps i'll feel better after lunch. clara and i made it up ; she had quite re covered her spirits at lunch, and did not even seem to know that we had quarelled. i lunched most sumptuously off some under-done roast beef, and had some beer out of jack's glass. i have a kind of impression that i took a gloomy view of life and its surroundings this morning; can't imagine why ; things look very pleasant just now ; feel quite satisfied with everybody, even including the bouncer ; agatha not bad girl only as said before—rather—too muoh of her —james gone—good night—no, morning — yes—hem!—sleepy.   chapter xiv. for large her violet eyes looked, and her bloom a rosy dawn kindled in stainless heavens, and round her limbs, mature in womanhood, and slender was her hand and small her shape, and but for those large eyes, the haunts of scorn, she might have seemed a toy to trifle with, and pass and care no more. fate, or fortune, call it which you will, seems to take a strange pleasure in forcing the most uncongenial spirits into close companionship. she did this when she doomed nevil and bloomington to be fellow travellers together, and, though each man detested the other, each for reasons of his own, sought not to show it too openly. bloomington's presence on sedgemoor was almost as unexpected as unwelcome ; true a short telegram had informed dunwick that he was coming, but for what purpose or in what capacity did not appear ; and a disclosure of the meaning of his being there was looked forward to with some anxiety by both father and daughter. ada was in great glee at seeing nevil once more ; there was, too, a certain amount of self-conscious triumph in jane dunwick's heart, but she took care not show it in her eyes, as she greeted him on his unexpected return. with pardonable vanity she ascribed it to one cause, that of course being herself. it was in the evening when the two travellers arrived at sedgemoor, and nevil was easily persuaded to stay there that night it would be difficult to decide what are the real influences that sway a man's actions. as a rule the actual one vis the very last one we admit even to our selves. even in this trivial instance of staying the night at sedgemoor instead of going on to his own place nevil persuaded himself that he was actuated by other motives than the real one. he thought he was tired, or that his horse was ; or that he wanted to amuse himself with his little child- friend : anything but a self-confession of the fact that he saw jane dunwick had made a great impression on bloomington, and that he was anxious to mortify that individual during the evening by showing him what a small chance he had when he—david nevil—was present. in this laudable design he met, as he deserved, defeat. bloomington contented himself with telling his host that they could talk over business in the morning, leaving dunwick in a pleasing state of uncertainty as to the nature of this business. under these circumstances — apart from her natural good breeding — jane dunwick was scarcely likely to allow him to feel himself at all out in the cold. nevil chafed accordingly ; like poor humanity in general, he regarded anything with indiffer ence until he thought another desired it, when of course he immediately became possessed with an insane desire to assert his claim to ownership, and felt proportionately hurt when the claim was not recognised. the dark lady enjoyed it all immensely. although in deep mourning for her murdered uncle, she was too good a judge of men to affect an appearance of sorrow that she knew neither of her guests would believe in; and left that part of the performance to her father, who—as usual with a man—overdid it. it is a sad fact, and speaks but little for the presence to any extent of sympathy with the distress of others in the generality of human breasts, that one never does feel deeply moved by the spectacle of it, excepting it be in a close personal friend or a pretty girl. we are none of us inclined to waste the precious article upon uninteresting strangers ; therefore it was a very half-hearted kind of condolence that was ex tended to dunwick by his guests for the death of a man neither of them knew or cared in the least for. bloomington was far more at his ease amongst the comparative freedom from very strict eti quette allowed on a station, and came out in a manner that astonished himself. this was mostly due to the unequalled tact of his fair hostess, who oould have flattered a blackfellow into a state of complacent satisfaction with himself had she been so minded. to be pleased with our selves denotes as a rule a certain sense of pleasure with others ; a feeling that we have at last been appreciated, and that the many sterling qualities so long only known to ourselves have finally had the proper value put upon them. bloomington therefore fell asleep feeling that he at last was going to shine in the sphere where he had so often encountered failure. nevil, on the contrary, who had been trying to perform the difficult task of talking to dunwick and listening to what the young lady and bloomington were saying at one and the same time, went to rest equally annoyed with himself and everybody else. nevil got up as the first light of dawn shone through the open window of his bed-room. he intended catching his horse and beating a hasty retreat before the occupants of the house were stirring, and, fired with his spartan resolution, started down the paddock with his bridle ; but, seeing the boy going on the same errand, con cluded it was no good getting his feet wet in the dewy grass without cause, so returned to the house to await such time as the horses were yarded. the noise of somebody stirring in the kitchen attracted his attention, so he turned in there, thinking it was probably dunwick who was up at that early hour. it wan not; it was his daughter. she was kindling the fire, and looked round be fore nevil had time to beat a retreat. far too innately a lady to feel the slightest false shame at being caught at a menial occupation, she greeted the intruder with a winning good- morning and a frank smile that detained him at once. "one advantage of poverty, you see, mr. nevil; it necessitates early rising." " i doubt that being an unmitigated ad vantage ; it gives you so much more of life. but allow me to do that for you ; i can make a fire, if i am not proficient at other useful em ployments." " with pleasure ; although forced by circum stances, i am not at all wedded to hard work. but what do you mean by your first remark ?" " simply that, life being at best but an inflic tion that we cannot escape, the more time we pass in sleep and unconsciousness the better." " i agree with you in the abstract; but still if i had the advantages i desire i could enjoy life, so long as i was young." "a truly womanly reservation," said nevil, who was on his knees arranging pieces of wood and trying to induce a blaze. "well, is it not natural!" a man is always   young, compared to a woman ; at least until he arrives at undeniable old age." " true ; but a woman lives quicker than a man. compare a girl of sixteen with a boy of the same age. one is almost a woman—quite in many cases ; the other is, and remains, an objec tionable nuisance for many years, with all the bad qualities of a man, combined with the folly of a boy. i bare a distinct and lively recollec tion of myself at that age." " i can quite imagine you, and am glad that our acquaintanceship does not date from that early period." nevil looked round imploringly, and was re lieved by the roguish smile in his companion's eyes. "i am sure i have reason to be thankful," he said, wondering at the new phase of character this mysterious damsel was developing. " that might or might not be a compliment; but you have succeeded in making a fire, and a very tolerable one. now, as you have instituted yourself as under cook, fill that kettle with water, and put it on the fire." nevil did as commanded; the only sort of authority a man likes is that playfully wielded by a pretty woman. " very well done ; now you can tell me who your friend is." " i am not aware of whom you are speaking." "why, mr. bloomington." " he is not my friend, and i know nothing about him, further than that he was, i believe, the partner of your late uncle." " i did not know my uncle had a partner ; but then i know very little or nothing about him." "if report speaks true, you will find that mr. bloomington was the principal in the affair." " then his presence up here is accounted for. i suppose we shall soon know the worst; since my uncle's death we have received no communi cation from his lawyers, and have been waiting in suspense." " i am afraid," said nevil, looking down and speaking in rather a hesitating kind of way," that you will find mr. bloomington has a larger claim in your uncle's estate than you might expect. i am speaking only from hearsay; i may be wrong." jane dunwick fully understood him. the in formation was hardly unexpected ; still it gave her an opportunity for a little theatrical display of feeling that was eminently effective. with the intuition of a born artist she knew what a contrast she afforded to the rough surroundings of the station kitchen. in her morning dress, leaning lightly against the table, gazing with wistful eyes into the fire, how could she help but be an object of interest to any male beholder ? how was nevil to know that she was trying hard to conjure up a couple of tears that should put the finishing touch on the picture ? the tears would not come—a blush is more easily produced at will than tears. miss dunwiok thought of all the sorrowful things she could, but none were affecting enough to bring the water into, her eyes; she had not the art of that wily old diplomat who, by thinking of the death of his poor old grandmother when he wrung a man's hand, could bring idle tears to the front at any desired moment. but the tears were hardly wanted ; the graceful silent figure of distress was in itself sufficient to touch nevil's quick feelings, and he was about making some vague hasty offer of (be it said) platomc friendship when he felt a small hand steal into his own from behind, and heard ada's voice wishing him good-morning. nevil turned and stooped to kiss his little friend, and miss dunwick darted at the pair a hasty glance of vexation and annoyance. the spell was broken, and these fine sentimental feelings cannot be re sumed at a moment's notice, as she knew. "what made you such an early riser this morning ?" she enquired as if wishing to change the subject nevil intimated his intention of starting before breakfast, and steadily refused any invitations to the contrary ; and the horses being by this time in the yard he was soon ready to say farewell " ada expects you to take her out for a ride ; the pony has scarcely been saddled during your absence," said miss dunwick as she gave him her hand : " when will you come over again?" " come to-morrow," said ada, who had hold of his other hand. "we'll say the next day," returned nevil, re taining the elder cousin's hand in his longer than the act of saying good-bye actually demanded. "i shall expect you then," she returned, allowing it to remain passive in his grasp. their eyes met in the same kind of half questioning gaze that had once passed before, and for the life of him nevil could not repress a smile that was reflected on the face of his com panion. with the knowledge that was now in her pos session, miss dunwick was careful to maintain the good impression she had evidently made on bloomington the night before. it was child's play to her to read his character, and to act up to it accordingly. it was a very different study to nevil's. with him, it was like fishing with dyna mite; you might make a good haul, and you might blow your hand off. it was better sport certainly—one was tiger hunting, the other pigeon shooting—still she did not see any reason why she should not indulge in both forms of excite ment after breakfast bloomington and his host pro ceeded to the business that had brought the former up there. it was soon explained. for many years the lately murdered man had been going rapidly down in the scale of prosperity ; in fact ever since he had entered into partnership with bloomington ; and now, at the time of his sudden death, he was no more than a shadow ; in fact, but for that unexpected taking-off bloom ington would have stepped in and revealed his identity—although he did not mention this in the morning's conversation. as things now stood, bloomington believed that after payment of all claims there would remain for the next of kin of the dear departed the sum of £4 2s. 4d. dun wick bore the disclosure unflinchingly ; the dis appointment that it was to him he never betrayed by outward sign, only that bloomington had to ask him a question twice before getting an answer. " some cheques of your brother's were cashed, signed the day before his death. do you know in whose favor they were drawn ; we have been unable to trace them ?" " my brother sent away a good many letters by the mail that left the day before his death, but i know nothing about his private affairs.."   " the amount of one of the cheques paid tallies with the amount of a promissory note due just then, but it was not used for that purpose." "you knew my brother, and therefore can well believe me when i tell you that i knew less than the veriest stranger of his private affairs." " well, mr. dunwick, you see, under these cir cumstances i shall have to take delivery of the station from you." "have you a manager coming up ?" " no, not just now. i suppose you will have no objection to retain your present post for a time ?" bloomington could be politic at times, and in this instance he thought it behoved him to be so. " i see by the books that i can i think make the billet more advantageous to you than it was during your brother's time." dunwick nodded slightly ; and the matter was soon concluded. miss dunwick, who had been engaged in house hold drudgery, soon after joined them ; and bloomington sunned himself in her smiles for the remainder of the morning. ada refused altogether to make friends with the newcomer; though bloomington laid himself out to ingratiate himself as much as possible, the strong instinct of childhood was too much for him. an idle day was passed sauntering about the place ; bloomington, who never forgot business, even when listening to the voice of his new charmer, noting everything about the homestead, and drawing conclusions therefrom little favor able to the managing capabilities of the man he had just delivered the keeping of his property to. " never mind," he thought, " let me gain my purpose concerning him, and he can go to halifax then." "never mind," thought dunwick, chafing under his hard disappointment; " let me gain my purpose concerning him, and he and the station can go to glory together." " never mind," thought his daughter strolling on the other side of him and beaming the sweetest of smiles on the new owner; " let me but gain my purpose, and i will soon show you a slight alteration in my manner, mr. blooming ton.'* the rambles of the three brought them at last to the grave of the late ostensible owner. if the dead clay underneath had been conscious it should have stirred uneasily when those foot steps halted above its resting place. if, gifted with new powers and quickened with more than mortal insight, it could have risen, and, bursting from beneath the earth that covered it and its dangerous secrets, confronted the three standing there, what would it have read in their minds ! when the stern duke of gloster announces the death of clarence, the startled courtiers turn to each other exclaiming, " look i so pale as the rest ?" if the corpse below had struggled forth to gaze upon its visitors, and show its freshly opened wounds, would they not have turned guiltily to each other with a like enquiry! but the grave soil was as untroubled as the three silent faces gazng at it. " i see that the railings and stone are charged in the station accounts," said bloomington as they turned away. "yes; it's customary i think; though of course at the time i was under a different im pression as to my brother's affairs." "oh, it's quite right," returned the other, and addressed some remark to the young lady on the beauty of the sunset, to which, although her warm-complexloned cheek may have been a shade paler than usual, she was able to return a calm and gracious answer. on returning to the station they found little ada fast asleep on the sofa. her cousin stooped over to arouse her with tender words ; although with no strangers present it would have been a rough shake, and an equally rough command. the child started up and gazed around with a half-terrified expression as though awakened from a fearful dream. as she saw her cousin's hand resting on her shoulder, she shuddered and drew away. "don't, auntie! don't!" she cried ; "there's blood on it!" in the deepening shadow of the room, the rich smooth cheek showed no sign of change. " you silly child," she said in a voice that, if a trifle hard, was still musical and firm; "what are you dreaming about! wake up i" [to be continued]   brainwobk am> handwork.—doctor* often warm a brainworker that be is " overtaxing hia powers," and " must take a rest," bu,t the mind cannot be controlled like the body. it is easy to repose the tired limbs, but who shall bid the restless brain be still t often the chief sign of the imperative necessity for mental rest is the over-activity of the thinking powers. what brainworker, even of a humble degree, but has kaown his condition, when— thought* upon thoughts, a ceoselcat throng, rnsh in on the mind and effectually preclude the " r««t" to urgently adriaed f all brainwork is not, of course, equally exhausting. oeuius has its consolations as well as its toils. a great work successfully carried out is well worth the labor bestowed on it. mental toil does not always wear men out prematurely, or we should not have so many examples of gray-headed statesmen dr venerable men of arts and letters. as sir arthur helps has truly remarked : " man die, not from overwork, but from want of success in their work." had keats' genius been acknowledged earlier, he might have lived as long as milton or professor longfellow. michael angelo, honored and appreciated, attained a good old age in spite of his herculean labours. it was a sense of his impotence to cope with the growing power of napoleon that crushed the great heart of pitt whed, with the cry, " roll up the map of europe," he turned his face to the wall and died. still, however favorable are the conditions, however successful the labors of the brainworker, he must expect to be one of nature's " saturday's bairns." he will never be able to " take life easily," as some worthy handicraftsmen do in these days. anyone who haa watched the work, say, of a painter or n jobbing gardener, at at his own or at his neighbour's house, will understand the differenco between the two description of labor. contrast george stephen son, working out his engineering problems in bed; herschell and bis sister, so engrossed in their astronomical calculations that they grudged the time for meals ; scott, a fow days before hia death, rousing himself with the words, "c#me,   thia is sad idleness," and attempting to dictate another book—contrast workers like these with the typical "laboring man," who dawdles so complacently over his digging or varniabing, ?mokes so many peaceful pipes -during the pro cess, and has so keen an observation for everything and anything that may occur in his vicinity which may warrant his laying aside his occupation altogether " to gaze with all the town," like the moorish lady in the ballad. and after this leisurely toil he can go home and enjoy the luxury so feelingly described by the old laborer to his clergyman (only his was in church on sundays) : " i lays my legs up, and i thinks of nothing." happy privilege of the kaudworker ! can any brainworker shake off bis cares with equal ease ? but as shakspeare's king harry explains, the world is slow to acknowledge its obligations to the thinker. everyone is familiar with the story of the good lady who lived opposite sir isaac newton, amd watched with surprising pity " how he wasted his time blowing soap-bubbles," when he was engaged in his important experi ments in optics. sir isaac is not the only brain worker whose serious labom are thus misinter preted.—globe.       chapter xv maggie's secret.   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   chapter xv.   "maggie's secret."   by "dramingo."   the bouncer's at it again; she's got a—ahem! —what our servant girls call a young man. this in his case is merely a figure of speech, for he's more like a boy. he's a friend of james, and   about the same age, perhaps a year older. he's rather amusing; knows every girl in brisbane and always speaks of them by their christian names, in terms of the utmost familiarity. they are all gracey so and so, or lillie so and so, or carry, or some abbreviation of that sort; he would, i think, before himself lowered in the opinion of the world (his world) if he everspoke of a young lady unless it was in such a tone of licensed acquaintanoeship. i feel sorry for this youth; you see, he's never been out of brisbane, and consequently he has a good opinion of him self. why he should feel conceited on that account i don't know; i have never been out of queensland myself, but nobody can accuse me of vanity on that score, i'm sure. he' a clerk in the colonial in-and-out depart ment, at £85 3s. 6d. per annum, with a probable rise of £10 in five years' time, and the magnitude, of his position has slightly turned his head; and the bouncer has finished the operation for him. he's better off than james in one respect; he's got some whiskers, and a small moustache—not much as yet, but still there's something for him to catch hold of when he's hard up for an idea which is generally. lago says " for l am nothing if not critical;" the youth of the present day say " for we are nowhere if not chaffing." in the days when i was a young magpie there used to be a light style of conversation permitted at times and seasons known as badinage ; "chaff," i take it, is badinage degenerated. i don't like it as well myself; i can't see why men and women should be compelled to enter into it, whether they possess the necessary wit or not (generally not), but it seems popular; in fact it is the criterion by which to estimate a man's social qualities ; youngsters like james and his contemporaries always talk of their young lady friends as being " jolly girls, plenty of chaff, and all that;" and the girls speak of the men as being " good fun." but i'm rambling as usual. our new friend's name is wickleham. in appearance he's a little feeble ; he impresses me with the idea that it would take three like him to make two men. this may be a false estimate, but it intrudes itself on me whenever i see him ; and that's pretty often of late, since he's con sidered himself in love with agatha. what put me out on the subject of chaff is that i've heard so much of it lately, and am bored in conse quence. i can't go out for a quiet nap in the verandah of an evening but what those two come out and commence a running fire of it. first the bouncer accuses our young friend of flirting with some of the graoes or lillies of their acquaintance; this he denies with a smile of conscious vanity bursting out of the corners of his mouth that is in itself pleasant to contem plate. then they make it up, and he wants a flower that she is wearing, or steals her handker chief, or engages her in some kind of playful struggle, till she says "don't!" in a loud whisper, and they are quiet for a few minutes ; and then the whole thing is commenced over again, and i get so tired of it that i scream loudly as though somebody was hurting me, and probably clara comes out to see what the noise is about; and of course agatha and the boy are at opposite ends of the verandah—a sure sign of this youth's   inexperience in such little affairs. i have watched many a flirtation in my time, and am always amused at the way you greenhorns betray your selves ; the experienced ones never make such a foolish mistake. they may be suddenly surprised, as all are likely to be, but they don't start away like frightened ducks; edwin may be tenderly whis pering a tale of love as he holds angelina's hand, but he merely remarks, as the disturber draws within ear-shot and he calmly drops the taper fingers, that "he thinks he has succeeded in button ing her glove remarkably well" you cannot help appearances being against you, but you should never add to the weight of evidence by present ing a oonfused exterior. when l am accused of stealing any unconsidered trifle, do i blush, or titter, or giggle, or go on as you people do ? no, i calmly put my head on one side and whistle ; although i know the missing article is safely buried in the back garden. jack of course knows nothing of this new out break of agatha's ; if he did i should expect that the youthful wickleham would be picked up in a fragmentary and dismembered condition on the pavement outside our house. but jack knows nothing of it, and wicky—as the bouncer play fully calls him—remains in full possession of the number of limbs nature has bestowed on him, and an unbattered body. i am an ungrateful wretch to write like this of my benefactor, for wicky—to use the fond name that fair lips call him by—did me an inestimable favor that will ever remain a green spot in my memory ; but it was unconsciously done, which somewhat detracts from the value of it. it was a wet day, and the drizzle that was falling had kept me indoors all day; under these circumstances i had been musing a good deal, and, as an envious person would say, plotting mischief. as it so happened, fortune sent an opportunity right into my hands. that dear old creature mn. maclure came in in the afternoon to call on the girls, and mrs. danten was in her room lying down. mrs. maclure is a very charitable old lady-i mean lady without the old—but her charity does not commence at home ; at least not in her own home. she takes round subscription-lists; goes into offices, and sternly refuses to leave under a guinea. she occasionally persuades the bouncer to go with her on these errands of mercy, and the bouncer likes it immensely; says its the greatest fun out; that the victims get under desks, and fly through back doors, or out of the window, "anywhere, any where out of the world." but mrs. maclure is too many for them ; she cuts off their retreat, and lays sieges and institutes blockades in a way that makes her name a terror and a scourge. the bouncer got a nice lesson one day ; she'd been out on the war-path with the dame in question, and jack had been victimised; but of course agatha did not lead or accompany the foray there ; so when jack came home she had to sit and listen to a long tirade directed against such practices; clara, who knew of her sister's delin quencies, sitting by enjoying it immensely. "if i had a wife!" said jaok, "who did such a thing, i'd send all the money back to the people she had extorted it from, and not pay another bill for her till it was cleared off" " it's always for a good purpose," and agatha, mustering up for a faint defence. " good purpose !" retorted jack, hotly; for he evidently had been considerably tormented in the morning. " how does that woman " (he said woman) " who badgered me into giving her two guineas this morning know that i had not seven teen small children at home crying for food, and that she was not taking the bread out of their mouths, or that i had not paid my tobacconist or bootmaker or something or other f" "don't be ridiculous, jack ; if things were as bad as that you would not have given it to her." " but i had to give it to her; she sat down and expressed a determination of making me give her something. i stood it for five minutes, and then tried to compound for one guinea; but she knew her power, and refused a compromise, so after fifteen minutes i gave in ; and now i shall have to wear an old coat for another month. you know how she got her daughter off; the one who tried to giggle when you spoke to her." "now, jack, you should not repeat those stories; it's not right, not at all right," and the bouncer looked virtuously indignant. " i never heard it, jack ; do tell me," said clara, who not having asked anybody for a sub scription could enjoy her brother's protest. " why, you know little floxham; a poor little mild fellow who was a perfect godsend to these harpies. well! old mother maclure used to drop in upon him about twice a week, and bring her daughter with her. after she'd fleeced him, she used to say "now i must go and see mr. monteith and mr. sayers, and i'll leave maggie with you, mr. floxham ; and beam on him and go out, leaving them together. floxham used to say it was warm, or it was cold, or it was wet, as the case might be ; and she used to giggle in reply; so he'd give her the government gazette to read, and get away to the other end of the room ; and whenever a clerk knocked at the door, and put his head inside, that clerk used to say "o! i beg your pardon," and retreat hastily, although floxham used to roar out " come in ! come back!" this went on for some weeks, until one day the young lady refused the last number of the gazette, and began to cry instead of giggling. so floxham, horribly frightened, got as far away as the walls of the room would let him, and asked what was the matter. so she said that it was a shame! that their engagement ought to be made public! that people were talking about it ! that he knew her father was dead, and she hadn't got a big brother, or he wouldn't have dared to do such a thing ; and in the middle of her tears in came ma mere, and of course there was a fine scene ; and now she's mrs. floxham, and floxham was found on the eve of his marriage stowed away in the fore-hold of the governor blackall, and only brought back by main force." the bouncer had snorted at intervals con temptuously throughout this yarn, although clara kept encouraging jack to go on; and i listened with intense delight, for i knew how well the lesson was deserved in a certain quarter. but this has taken me away from my subject; this habit of rambling is becoming quite a con firmed thing with me. mrs. danten was not very well and was lying down in her room ; so mrs. maclure, with that wonderful tact that so distinguishes a good many women, insisted on going to see her and worry   her, and went up with the girls. she'd been counting her scalps—flourishing her subscription list; and left the precious document, folded up lying on the table. i immediately picked it up and took it away. i was looking about for some place to hide it in when a knock at the front door interrupted me; it was wickleham the youthful, and he sauntered into the drawing-room looking round as if expecting a tete-a-tete with his enslaver. he was disappointed ; there was nobody there. he sat down and picked up an album to amuse himself with. as i watched him meditatively, his coat pocket looked so invitingly open that i cautiously hopped up behind and dropped the paper into it; then i assaulted him about the legs to distract his attention, and retreated outside. when the women came back i went into the room again. agatha had meant to slip down by herself, but mrs. maclure scented another victim and insisted on coming down too, to make wicky put his name down to the fund for supplying returning south sea islanders with hymn-books, and a copy of dr. johnson's diction ary to take back with them to the islands. poor wickleham ! he did not want to appear mean before his lady love, and he had not a guinea in the world—it was near the end of the month ; so he protested, and tried to put off the evil hour. meanwhile the dragon was hunting everywhere for her lost list. " dear me i! it's most annoying ! i must have dropped it on the stairs, what a nuisance ! i had dr. powker down for two guineas, and i never got his name before. i must have left it in here after all—he never paid me, but his name's good ; what shall i do! i can't go and ask them all over again, and i forget the amounts—l wonder if young dostwig gave me a guinea or 10s.— most annoying ! clara dear, do help me look for it." and so the dear creature went on for more than ten minutes, but she could not find the list, and at last went away without it. then clara went up to her mother, and, in the course of a playful romp with her wicky, agatha picked his pocket of the missing paper, and declared it was a love letter, and would open it; and behold it was the subscription list! then that conceited young prig took credit to himself for the joke ; and i, the real author of it, had to sit and listen, and say nothing. jack came in while they were laughing about it, and he got a pen and ink and added to every man's subscription—made dr. powker down for twelve instead of two guineas. then he told the bouncer to send it to the old lady with a polite note stating that it was found after she left; whioh was done. i believe she tried hard to get the amounts that the different men had been credited with, and there was nearly bloodshed about it all over brisbane; in fact some desperate and unhealed feuds date from that little joke of mine. but the good turn that wickleham did me rates not only in that small flash of humor in whioh he was an innocent accessory: no, it was in a weightier matter, one affecting the welfare of people in whom i am deeply interested, whom i have in fact taken into my good graces \- need i say jack and nevil ? it came about in a strange way, and i proudly state that no other bird in queensland would have had the courage to follow the adventure up in the way i did. i don't often boast, you know.   chapter xvi. wherefore should beauty be evil! and that whlch is lilies and roses men deem most gracious and holy be fatal in woman alone? why should the flower seek the light, while the woman in cloister repose, sealed down by vows from the eyes that were made to drink love at her own ? have mercy, jean!—'soft; i did but dream. wet weather in the country is always a dull time; enforced confinement in the house for men whose occupation lies outside becomes irk some after the first day, and apt to induce weari ness and ennui. it was raining the day nevil rode over to sedgemoor, and as the avowed object was to take little ada for a ride it seemed strange that he should have thought it necessary to keep his word and come over in such weather as set in on the appointed day. but he came over, and jane dunwick once more enjoyed the pleasure of playing off one man against another. it is a kind of game that affords far more pleasure to the player than to the playthings ; for if judiciously played both are finally dismissed feeling in a state of pleasing uncertainty as to which has had the best of it. in the present case nevil's feelings were decidedly the least enviable; he knew what the prize was worth and yet could not help putting in a claim for it, and coping with an unworthy adversary. that he meant anything more than "to love, and ride away," never entered his head : nor would he have entertained the idea fur a moment. but the absurdity of bloomington setting up as a rival was too much ; and yet the annoying part of it was that this absurdity was apparently only palpable to himself. as for bloomington, he felt —for in his heart he had to confess the other's advantages in everything but money—that he was splintering a lance fairly with a champion better-horsed and better-armed, so that even defeat would not be very disgraceful. the rain came down harder than ever, after nevil arrived at sedgemoor ; a steady downpour that soon made pools of standing water, and caused general dampness and sloppiness. cer tainly a sheltered verandah was preferable to a wet ride back to riversdale, where he would have nothing but twice-read books and dick grattan's uninteresting talk about station matters. miss dunwick was mistress of the situation that day; her father, with wise discretion, busied himself over station accounts, and left her to lead the assault unaided. bloomington had become pretty well demoralised before the day was over ; an extension of gracious favor towards nevil had been like a well directed volley on an already wavering line—had almost routed him. but such an easy victory was not at all to the fair lady's taste ; or rather it was to her taste, but not exactly what she required just then. nevil was not by any means demoralised ; the mystery that had piqued him, the romance that seemed to surround this woman, had had their due effect ; and, like the tem porary excitement born of spirit, had died down leaving him more sober than before. if he had for forty-eight hours been in danger of   being fascinated, the crisis was past, and the patient safe. now the complete subjugation of nevil was an important part of miss dunwick's programme. bloomington was a stag of ten, but he was not the particular game she wished to strike, and although he was a very good prize to fall back on she was not going to relinquish the other without a struggle. "hamlet" is an in terestlng play enough, but it lacks color if the part of thtt prince of denmark happens to be left out. now, if she had known that nevil had overheard the conversation that had once passed between herself and her father concerning him, her way would have been a comparative path of pleasantness, as she would have at once been open and candid with him, and have got him into a sort of half confidence greatly tending to promote the tender passion ; as it was, she was working at a disadvantage. it was about 3 in the afternoon, the rain was still driving across the small plain that fronted the house, and miss dunwiek had been just quoting longfellow's lines on the subject. bloomington had never heard of longfellow, and was making a mental note to read up his work on the first opportunity, when ada, who had taken up her favorite position on nevil's knee, suddenly disconcerted everybody by asking ber friend, in the distinct manner that children usually do ask such questions, what uncle robert, who was killed, had done with all his money. "be quiet, ada," said her cousin quickly and sternly. " but you know you said he had a lot," per sisted the child, feeling safe in her position ; " and he does not want it now he's dead ;" she asserted with a practical view of the situation that spoke well for the future. " 0 ! it's quite safe," said nevil, coming to the rescue ; " it's locked up in a big box with two policemen watching it." "and what are they going to do with it ?" " buy you cakes and dolls," suggested bloom ington. ada looked at him scornfully : " i'm too big for dolls, and i can't be always eating cakes." " perhaps you'd like to be," humbly suggested bloomington as an amendment; but the young lady was not to be so appeased. "i've got plenty of cakes ; mr. nevil brought me up a lot; but you shan't have any." "ada you must not be so rude; i shall send you inside directly ;" said her cousin. " ada's favor is evidently to be purchased only by due attentions," said bloomington. " that remark might be applied to her elder sisters with equal force," returned nevil " ls that our peculiarity ?" said miss dunwick " supposing you were in great danger of your life and a pretender to your favor rescued you at the peril of his own; and supposing another candidate, was always by to pay you small attentions, to fetch and carry and be at your beck and call: which would you prefer?" asked nevil " the man who was always ready to attend to my small wants, without doubt. i should not probably be in circumstances of danger more than once in my life; whereas a tame dog is always useful. and probably the one may have rescued me from motives of vanity as much as anything; i believe most of what the world call heroic deeds are instigated by that cause." " i agree with you about what the world calls heroism, but i differ from you in ascribing vanity to the one man only ; the tame dog would pro bably be instigated by vanity too." " true ; but his vanity would be much more useful to me." "a just conclusion to arrive at," said bloom ington. " which part would you prefer to play ?" said the lady to him. " in your service?" " no, in general; i don't like making these discussions personal" "as you have already avowed which would have your preference, i of course would sooner be the tame dog." " you are determined to bring in a compliment somehow; but, to test your aptitude for the situation, would you mind bringing me my shawl from the sofa; the day is turning chilly." bloomington went inside, but re-appeared soon afterwards to say the desired article was not there. " go, ada, and find it," said her cousin, and the child wont back with bloomington ; and nevil and miss dunwick were left together. she bent slightly towards him, and said in an undertone : " don't go back to night, i have something im portant to tell you." nevil had just time to answer in the affirma tive when bloomington and ada re-appeared with the shawl, which the former adjusted on the shoulders of the owner, nevil watching him with an amused smile. the new owner of sedgemoor had it all his own way that afternoon. nevil devoted himself to amusing ada, wondering in wardly what the mysterious message meant. at about 9 o'clock that evening ada—protest ing strongly—was ordered off to bed ; and soon afterwards dunwick requested bloomington's presence in the small back room that served as an office. this looked so like a concerted arrange ment that nevil was not surprised to see miss dunwick step out on to the verandah ; so in duty bound he of course followed her. the rain was still falling, and the night intensely dark. stand ing in the gloom cast by the creepers that grew on a trellis-work that had screened him once, he made out the figure of the young lady ; he went up and stood near her, waiting for her to speak. " i suppose you are wondering what i can pos sibly have to say to you," she commenced. " i am a little surprised, but far more pleased at such a compliment being paid me." " well i am going to surprise, or please you— as you put it—still more, i am going to make an appointment with you to come over here one night when mr. bloomington will be away, which if the weather clears up will be next thursday. nevil had given up feeling astonished ; still this struck him as being rather an uncommon experience. "of course l am at your service." he replied, waiting, guessing something more must be coming. his companion evidently had meant only to surprise him, for she at once changed her tone. "my father and i are deeply interested in a discovery we accidentally made ; and by means of which, i need not tell you how, we found that you can greatly assist us. in talking it over the   other day, we came to the conclusion to take you into our confidence, and it is for this reason i wish to make this appointment with you for thursday." light began to break on nevil during this speech ; still he thought it strange that the father had not made this communication instead of the daughter; but he had no objection to the arrange ment. " i shall be only too happy to be of any assistance to you although i must confess to being slightly puzzled." " do you mind remaining puzzled until thurs day ?" said his companion, whose eyes shone brightly in the semi-darkness. "certainly not, if you desire it," returned her hypocritical friend, who knew far more than she imagined, and who felt keenly interested in the coming disclosure. " then we may consider it a bargain?" and she gave him her hand. nevil took it and carefully retained it. "i suppose i must not ask you how you like the new proprietor ?" " he's just what i expected to find him ; he's rather an infliction at times, but of course in our position we must put up with that." miss dun wick had a good idea of her companion's character when she made this remark, for nothing would be more likely to excite the sympathy of the man before her than thus putting forward the ap parent helplessness of her situation ; but for once she made a mistake in allowing him to hold her hand, and stand looking down into her eyes in the way he was doing. the remembrance of his conversation with jack danten flashed across nevil's brain, and as he thought of jack's romeo and juliet simile he felt inclined to laugh; which fatal feeling at once put to flight any deeper passion that the touch and near presence of his beautiful neighbor might have stirred within him. from that moment miss dunwick played a losing game, and their positions were reversed. " it must be hard to have to put up with a man like that; but i suppose you indemnify yourself by extracting some amusement from his peculiarities." " yes, there is a slight compensation to be got in that respect, but the game is scarcely worth the candle." " and how long are you to have the pleasure of his company here ?" " nothing is settled yet; but a more impor tant question to me is : how long are we to have the pleasure of yours t" " until you tell me to go," returned nevil, taking her other hand and bending his head down. " you'll scarcely hear that command from me," she replied, looking up into the face that was close to hers with eyes that must have rivalled those that tempted st anthony. nevil was no saint; those lustrous eyes that were glowing with a light that he had never seen in them before sent prudence to the winds ; their lips met in a kiss as warm as any romeo gave to juliet, and the next moment miss dun wick stepped into the sitting-room, with perhaps a heightened color on her smooth cheek, but per fectly self-possessed and unmoved from her ordinary manner ; although there was a feeling stirring in her heart that with all her experience she could not quite understand and was half afraid to analyse. nevil remained out in the verandah for a few minutes, thinking what a fool he was. he cer tainly admitted that this was partly the path he had chalked out for himself ; but he felt that this last move was a step off the track, and likely to lead to further complications. " every thing was playing right into my hands," he thought; " what on earth did i want to kiss the girl for?" however, he solaced himself by thinking that any other man in his place would have done the same ; and concluded by com forting himself with the reflection that after all there was nothing in it—it didn't mean any thing. still he did not feel very comfortable during the rest of the evening, and could not make up his mind whether he was pleased or not at the marked signs visible that bloomington was badly hit. he fell into an uneasy sleep on retiring to bed, in which in dreams he still carried out his perplexed train of thought. he fancied he was once more on the great plains of the west, but instead of his old comrade blount there was jack danten with him, and they were following a track with the greatest eagerness ; but who was ahead of them he could not tell; only that, anxiously as they seemed to be pressing on, he dreaded overtaking the object of their pursuit, and felt somehow that he was in the wrong place ; but whenever he would stop danten urged him on. - from all this he was aroused by a startled shriek that penetrated the wooden partitions of the house distinctly and made him start up in bed wondering and listening. some broken words, seemingly from dunwick's room ; and then bloomington, who slept in the same room as himself, called to him to know what was the matter. "i don't know," returned nevil "dun wick's got the nightmare, or d.t. or something ; i'll go and see." putting on his clothes hastily he went and knocked at his host's door. " what's the matter ?" cried the inmate. " 0 nothing ; you were calling out in your sleep, and bloomington and i thought you were ill." " no, i'm all right. what did i say ?" " i could not hear ; good-night." there was a sigh of satisfaction. "good night ; sorry i disturbed you; won't do it again if i can help it" "this is a most peculiar kind of place," thought nevil, as he lay down again ; "nothing but blue-fire and mystery from morning to night. then aloud, "bloomington! confound you, don't snore !" " i wasn't snoring ; i never do ;" returned the other. "by jove, you should have heard yourself then ; but don't keep a fellow awake all night talking to him." and, having thus vented his ill humour on somebody, david nevil went off into a dreamless sleep that lasted until morning. [to be continued]   the brazilian government has granted a privi lege to a gentleman for the manufacture of paper from the wild fig tree.       chapter xvii maggie's secret.   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.*   chapter xvii. maggie's secret.   by "dramingo."   it was a charming day that followed the wet one that saw mrs. maclure's discomfiture ; i was hopping about the garden in great spirits keep ing clara, who was picking flowers, company.   circumstances had conspired to put me in a re markably good temper : i had had a satisfactory breakfast, i had caught the butcher's dog fast asleep, and i saw two policemen " running in *' the man who stole me. i had also had a single combat with one of the servants and defeated her. i felt a perfectly contented magpie, and as though i could make friends even with the bouncer. the bouncer was inside torturing the piano as usual; through tbe open window i oould hear her asserting—probably with a tender recollection of the doctor—that " a sailor's wife a sailor's star should be." a nice star she'd make; you wouldn't want a telescope to see her with at anyrate. i took the opportunity of being in the garden to investigate some of my hoards. i've my doubts about james; l am sure he's an unprincipled youth, and would appropriate any of my little savings at once if he found them. i can't exactly remember whether it was 5s. and 6d. or 5s. that i planted under the white rose tree; there's only 5s. there now, but i'll give james the benefit of the doubt, for i'm sure if he had found it he would not have taken 6d. and left 5s. poor clara, she has no idea of the good fortune in store for her when i die; i should like to tell her, but then i'm suoh a sus picious old bird; i should be always fancying she would be wishing me out of the way, and thinking she would poison me. i can't help it, but i have a bad opinion of human nature, i have really; it comes of my long experience. now the fresh balmy morning, the sight of clara amongst the flowers, herself as somebody says the fairest flower there ; the safety of my little capital, and the satisfaction of having paid off an old score with our new chum spider-brusher made me so light-hearted that i fairly " chortled* in my joy ;" i piped and whistled, when suddenly i became conscious that the piano had ceased, and soon afterwards one of the servants came, and spoke to clara, who went in, making a very pretty picture with her hands full of flowers— a picture that i regarded critically and ap provingly with my head on one side, and was so lost in admiration that i didn't dodge a piece of dirt the girl threw at me as soon as clara had gone in to the house. avenging this insult de tained me a short time, and when i got in i found, to my intense disgust, a clergyman in the room. now i am going to make a confession that will i am afraid lower me a good-deal in the estimation of my readers ; but i can't help it, i'm of suoh a truthful disposition that i must say what i feel even though it tells against myself. now i confess that, speaking as a magpie, i don't like parsons, and especially young parsons. a real venerable old clergyman who knows something of the wickedness of this world and can speak with authority to the dwellers therein i can put up with ; but a con ceited young prig i cannot stand, and this one was of that sort. they put on so much of what jack calls "side" and take the greatest liberties in the coolest manner. now look at this one, marching in here at half past 10 in the morning, when no other man would dare to make a call at such an unauthorised hour ; but, bless you, one of these young newly-fledged parsons thinks nothing of it, thinks he is always welcome. the bounoer was looking at him with the rapt expression of a mediaeval saint gazing up at the heavens ; clara was trying to compose her pretty mouth into befitting gravity ; and the rev. mr. raisons was solemnly laying down a statement concerning church decorations that was doubt less highly interesting but not sufficiently so to prevent my flying at his legs and pecking hjm. " that's a savage kind of pet to keep about the place," he remarked after clara had hunted me away. " o, he's a bad-tempered bird," said agatha ; " but clara won't have him sent away, and he's always pecking strangers." " you keep him as a sort of body-guard, miss clara," said the idiot, smiling so as to show his teeth, which were very white certainly, but so are a dog's. " poor maggie ; we brought him down from the station, and i forgive him a good many delinquencies for the sake of auld lang syne;" returned my little mistress. " but others, who have not such old memories to associate with him, may not feel so inclined to forgive ;" and the reverend rubbed his ankle with his other foot. " but you, as the preacher of a doctrine of forgiveness, ought to forgive him," said clara archly, with more readiness than i gave her credit for. " clara" said agatha solemnly, looking as though she had never read any lighter literature than the proverbs of solomon, in her life. "i scarcely approve of speaking of what should be a very solemn subject in a jesting manner; pray, my dear miss clara, do not allow yourself to fall into the pernicious habit now so alarmingly common of treating religious topics in the same light and trifling way that we do ordinary every day ones: we should draw a line." " yes indeed," said the bouncer nodding grave approval. clara made a most decided move at being   treated to a lecture merely because she had the best of the retort, but she preserved a demure silence. " mr. raisons has called to see if we are will ing to assist in getting up a fancy bazaar in aid of the organ fund for st. william's," said agatha to her sister. " i am sorry that i shall have to decline to aid in the good work :" returned clara, to my sur prise, for i knew she enjoyed the fun of a bazaar as much as her sister. " really i counted upon your assistance. may i ask your reasons, miss clara ?" "well, what you said just now, mr. raisons, struck me so forcibly." " i don't quite follow you ;" said our clerical, looking a trifle put out, though not in the way i would have liked to have put him out. " why you said solemn subjects should never be treated jestingly. now an organ to be used for the purpose of religious worship is a solemn subject; and a fancy bazaar is very light and trifling ; at least i have always found them so. now i can't reconcile the two, after your late ex planation." " what nonsense, clara ; why you're positively rude. i will answer for her, mr. raisons.' "miss clara i see has a turn of repartee ; but perhaps she will allow me to pronounce a dispen sation in this case ; and let me hope that she will reconsider her decision." " 0 yes, mr. raisons," said the bouncer, who like the war-horse snuffed the battle from afar, and was eager for the fray ; we will both set to work at once, and i'm sure it will be quite a suc cess." "if you put your hand to the plough, miss danten, i can rely on that; whom else do you think we may reckon on as allies ?" " i scarcely know," said agatha, assuming an air of intense and profound reflection ; " there's miss pengulphun, and the two mountforlats, and esmeralda jones." " yes, i think i have all those names down ;" said mr. raisons, " and mrs. mortmain " " mrs. mortmain !" eohoed the bouncer in a tone of surprise ; " surely you do not intend to ask her ?" "you see," said the parson looking rather puzzled, " a bazaar appeals to the public at large for patronage, and of course we must try and get as wide a—a circle of—no i mean, lady patronesses who have friends widely distributed ; you under stand :" he wound up in rather a confused man ner, that left one in doubt as to whether he understood himself. " i like mrs. mortmain very much, and hope she will consent to keepastall;" said clara quietly. the reverend, who was painfully red in the face, turned a grateful look towards her. poor man, he had plunged out of his depth without a word of warning : the horrid thought had flashed across him that the lady in question must have spurned the decalogue under foot, and have be- come socially taboo, to have called forth agatha's look of indignation. clara's words reassured him ; it was simply a matter of jealousy after all; mrs. mortmain was like a match to gunpowder so far as the bouncer was concerned ; but how was he to know that? ? " and there's miss shingly, laura shingly ; of course you have not forgotten her," said agatha, ignoring the question or existence of mrs. mortmain. " i had truly, and am quite too thankful to you for reminding me," replied mr. raisons eager to make his peace ; " and now i must take my leave, i think." " good-bye," said the bouncer as she grasped his outstretched hand. 0! how i wish i could reproduce the world of feeling that girl can throw into those two simple words ; the "good* is always sharply and clearly accented, and then comes the "bye"" in a lengthened measured cadence of linked sweetness that seems to combine in its sound a memory of all the tender farewells that have been spoken since the begin ning of time. i often feel inclined to draw one wing across my eyes to hide my tears when i hear it ; it is so affecting, and the more recent the acquaintance the more gushing her adieu. i rather spoiled the effect of this one by charging the parson's legs in the middle of it; but it was very touching for all that, and impressed the rev. mr. raisons, i could see. " won't it be fun ?" agatha remarked as soon as the sisters were alone; " i do like a bazaar above all things ; but what made you take mr. raisons up so sharply ?" "what business had he to take me up so sharply ?" returned the mutineer. " but he's a clergyman, and of course they are supposed to have a little license," said the bouncer, who strictly carried out the injunction of being all things to all men. "he has not got a license to lecture me," re plied clara, who was in a singularly combative mood ; " and i don't intend that he shall" " but you'll help in the bazaar ?" said agatha coaxingly. " yes, just for the pleasure of snubbing mr. raisons if i get a chance." "i really cannot imagine what pleasure you find in snubbing people; i'm sure it does not make you popular." " i don't want to be popular, and i never snub nice people. "but why snub anybody ? i never do ;" which was quite true ; the bouncer never did—if it was a man. "because some people are impertinent and want keeping in their places; don't they, maggie?" she went on, addressing me. i could only assent by whistling, but i quite agreed with her. " what a nice parson maggie would make. look at his black coat and white necktie ; and i'm sure he looks grave enough." i did not consider this a compliment and would have re sented it from anybody but clara. "i shall make a lot of smoking- caps," said agatha, suddenly plunging into the depths of worldliness ; " and cigar cases ; they always sell well" " i shall get a lot of dolls, and dress them up like clergymen ;it will be most appropriate;" re turned clara. " yes, that's a good idea," said agatha, for getting her late defence ; " but we must not let anybody see them ; we must keep it secret." "don't tell all your intimate friends under strict pledges of secrecy." "of course not ; do i ever do such a thing ?" said the bouncer in a tone of outraged innocence.   poor jack, i see trouble looming for him in the distance ; i wish nevil was here to see him through the coming ordeal; but i suppose he's comforting that girl he was pitying before he went away. i believe "me dear friend " bloom ington is expected down shortly. the assembly sits very soon, and he's member for north morepork : i should say that he possessed many admirable qualifications for the position. my notion of members is only obtained from perusing the reports in the newspapers ; some day i mean to go up to the house and judge for myself. the bouncer plunged into the preparations for the bazaar with the ardour that always charac terises the proceedings when anything that leads to the war-path is on the board. she was, so to speak, sharpening her tomahawk and trimming her scalp lock. this bazaar was purely a clerical affair ; there was an odour of sanctity about the very dis cussions concerning it that made me feel like the jackdaw of rheims at times. every young lady was provided with two dozen cartes-de-visite of the rev. mr. raisons, which were to be sold at the small cost of one shilling apiece. a large and lucra tive trade was expected to be done in these inestim able articles. jack offered clara five shillings for her lot, but she declined, as she said she intended to have the pleasure of returning them unsold to the original, stating that she could not get an offer for them. the bouncer, who had an eye to business, offered jack two for eighteen-pence, which offer he accepted, though why he should have taken a fancy to them i don't know. l am still under the impression that he intended to send them up to nevil as a delicate little atten tion on the part of an unknown friend; if so, an unfortunate accident prevented him. as i heard him afterwards tell nevil, he went to see their mutual acquaintance "bell" in order to ascertain if there was any more information forthcoming on the mysterious business that seems to interest him and nevil so much (i be lieve it's all humbug myself), and happening to have them in his pocket he was impelled by a keen sense of humor to make her a present of them ; which was not a consummation devoutly to be desired by the reverend. but to return : clara got her dolls and pro ceeded to dress them in orthodox black and white. she nearly convulsed jack the first time she showed him one ; he actually promised to come to the bazaar after seeing them, although at first he had stoutly refused to countenance it. meanwhile the bouncer was running smoking caps together, and making cardboard cigar and cigarette cases, as though the future welfare of her soul depended on it. i believe she will make the pace very warm for the rev. mr. raisons. i'm going to keep a list like leperello directly. but the wont of it was that the other girls—the mountforlats and esmeralda jones—were con tinually rushing in, in great excitement, to con sult agatha on some important point or other, and distracting me to that extent that i really did not know whose ankles to peck. .i'm horribly dis gusted with the whole affair; i had thought of patronising it but i don't think i shall. james looks sad on it; looks as though he had robbed the till, and expected to be found, out shortly ; i think miss pengulphus has been unkind to him. she's a gushing young creature of some five-and thirty summers, always shakes her finger archly at me and calls me "a bold bird" when she comes to our house. i don't sympathise with james if she has been cruel to him ; i think her cruelty could be more easily borne than her kindness. but james and i . by jove' there's the bouncer doing a bit of amateur gardening ; and digging suspiciously near one of my plants ——. o the cares of wealth ?   chapter xviii. that nevil was punctual to his appointment on thursday evening it is scarcely necessary to say. in the interim he had taken himself to task pretty severely, and firmly made up his mind not to overstep the boundary of caution in his intercourse any more. a good many men of nevil's age are in the habit of making these wise resolutions ; they always last so long and stand the test of favoring circumstanoes so well that they are exceedingly useful in guiding our steps through life. bloomington was gone, had departed south ward, bearing it is hoped the image of the siren enshrined in his heart. in comparing himself to this gentleman, which nevil felt very loth to do, he could not help feeling rather at a disadvantage on the score of honesty ; bloomington was evi dently sincere, and only wanted sufficient en oouragement to offer himself and fortune for miss dunwick's acceptance. could nevil say the same for himself ? and but for him would not the encouragement have been given ? these thoughts were disagreeable, and nevil, like any other man, strove, and successfully, to dismiss them. " dunwick drew nevil on one side, soon aft his arrival, and openly, or apparently openly, told him the whole history of the diary which had come into his keeping. according to his account it had been in the possession of ada's father, and had—so the story ran—been obtained from the natives in the neighborhood of port essington during the existence of the settlement there. the fluid in which the narrative, was written had so faded through lapse of time and exposure that it was illegible, save for a word here and there. with the diary had also been got a beautiful and valuable piece of opal, as also many pieces of gold both pure and in quartz. that the natives themselves could or would not give to the whites any information as to the whereabouts of the place where these precious commodities were obtained ; that all attempts to restore the writing in the diary had failed, and it had come into the possession of his brother-in-law more as a curious heirloom than anything else. in reply to nevil's question he further informed him that the story amongst the blacks was that it had been left with them by a white man who had died amongst them ; that the diary, the opal, and the speci mens of gold had been always in the possession of their head men, and that the white man who died had left instructions for them to be delivered to any whites who came there. the time that had elapsed since then could not be determined ; but the blacks gave them to understand that several old men had lived and died since the white man was amongst them. " did your brother-in-law himself get these things from the blacks ?' "   "no ; his uncle, and a brother officer ; one kept the diary, the other the precious stone and specimens of gold." " why was it never made public ?" " because they intended fitting out an expedi tion, to try and discover the locality. the settlement being abandoned, and neither of them being men of means, the scheme had been in definitely postponed, aud the discovery almost forgotten." " what new light has been thrown on it then ?" said nevil. " this : some year or two ago my daughter make some experiments in mesmerism, and found that my little niece was peculiarly sus ceptible to her influence. after carrying on the experiments for some time, we one day without any thought of success tried if she could decipher the old diary whilst in a state of trance ; we were surprised to find that to a certain extent she could." "and what was the result ?" "not enough to give us any decided clue ; some of the most important parts that refer to this man's adventures on the continent of aus tralia, she could not decipher. one night after you had been here we tried again, and found out more then than ever we did before, which made my daughter and myself conclude that through some occult means which i cannot profess to un derstand or explain your influence had helped the child to discover more than she could formerly." " what should make you think that ?" " because the diary was probably written by an ancestor of yours ; by a man bearing the same name as yourself." if nevil betrayed no surprise at this information dunwick put it down to in credulity. "do you intend trying this experiment, as you call it, again to-night, under the idea that my presence will aid you ?" " yes ; and if we succeed in getting any re liable information from the manuscript i should like to confer with you upon the best means of availing ourselves of it." " well, i am quite satisfied to see the matter through, though i am certain that nothing can come of it." " probably not; but out of curiosity we may as well try to find out as much as we can. now i will tell you, in short, what we have already found out. this diary is written by a man who had been captured by the spaniards. he and another englishman and a frenchman were shipped on board a spanish ship at panama. during a great storm, when the ship was in danger, the three formed a plan to take her, in which they were assisted by the galley-slaves and convicts on board. the attempt succeeded, and the officers and some of the crew who had not joined them were confined below. the three ringleaders then formed the bold idea of escaping recapture by sailing due east and casting their fate on whatever chance turned up. this, with great trouble from their riotous comrades, they carried out; but after escaping many dangers they were finally wrecked on the coast of aus tralia—to judge by the description. the vessel struck on a reef during perfectly fine weather, and was apparently uninjured, but they oould not get her off again. here a fight broke out between the old officers of the ship and the mu tineers, in which the latter were once more vic torious, and put all their adversaries to the sword. it was then agreed that the treasure that the ship contained should be put on shore, and an attempt made to build a small ship from the timbers of the large one ; but the ship was blown up during a drunken carousal on board, and all hands perished save the writer of the diary and his french comrade, who then started overland, thinking they might be on some portion of asia." "and beyond this point you have been unable to trace them ?" " yes; but we hope to do so to-night" most of this was already known to nevil, so that he was not surprised at this strange com munication. the matter had been reviewed by him in so many lights that he was undecided whether it was an attempt to deceive him, or that this wild romance had really taken place. he therefore reserved any remarks until he saw the result of the evening's investigations. his perplexities were still further increased by the look of apparent mutual understanding that miss dunwick directed towards him occasionally. altogether he felt that things were getting rather in a mess ; but with the carelessness of his nature he determined to let them take their course; sufficient, and more than suf ficient, for the day was the evil thereof. he amused himself looking at the diary, or rather remains of the diary, for age and exposure had been very hard on it. it appeared almost a blank at a first glance, but nearer inspection showed faint traces of writing here and there ; though in what kind of fluid the words had been traced it would be impossible to guess. it was in loose sheets of all sizes and shapes, parchment and paper mixed ; but the paper, coarse, yellow, and stained with age, predominated. it had originally been sewn up very carefully in skins, which must have been renewed from time to time by the natives, who appeared to have been very careful of it. altogether it looked about as unlikely an article to obtain any information from as could well be conceived. the evening dragged rather heavily; dunwick had told nevil not to mention anything of their inten tions before ada, as it made the child excited and nervous, and it was not until her usual bed time had arrived that miss dunwick put her power to the test. she went with her little cousin into the bedroom, so that nevil did not see the mesmeric process. in about half-an-hour she returned, carrying ada, who was apparently asleep, and sat down, keeping her in her lap. nevil was leaning against the fireplace, looking on half disdainfully at the whole affair, and feel ing very foolish at being mixed up in it. dun wick sat at the table with pencil and paper ready to write down what the oracle should utter. miss dunwick took the diary in her hand, and turning to a particular part, where there was a recent pencil mark, whispered something in the ear of the sleeping child. ada moved uneasily, and commenced to talk in the same rambling disjointed fashion that nevil remembered her doing when he first came over to the station. dunwick took no notice of this muttered gabble, and the child presently ceased. miss dunwick   then looked warningly at her father, who picked up his pencil and sat at attention. the officia ting priestess then, holding the diary open at the same place, began to trace with the child's finger along the page, as though following lines of writing. no result; the oracle was dumb. a second attempt was no better. nevil pre served a discreet silence, but there was the sus picion of a smile lingering around the corners of his mouth, luckily hidden by his moustache. miss dunwick got up and put her cousin on the sofa, the child still remaining apparently in a trance; then she beckoned nevil to come over to her. she signed to him not to speak ; took his hand and placed it on ada's forehead. then she made another attempt to induce speech by guiding the child's finger once more along the page of the diary. still no result ; it seemed a perfect failure. miss dunwick closed the diary, and signed to nevil to remove his hand, but ere he did so ada suddenly began to speak, and in the same strange voice he had heard before ; so he kept his hand there. "you remember tom reynolds, that tall fellow ; they used to say he could rest his chin on the cap of a 6ft. stockyard fence —never saw him do it myself, but quite believe he could. well, i met him the other day, and he told me that he had found a certain cure for sore-backed horses, and was going to make a fortune out of it; quite mad on the subject " the look of bewilderment that came over the faces of the listeners at this extraordinary state ment is indescribable. nevil could not help laughing ; and the other two had to join in with a forced smile. nevil had removed his hand and the child was silent " that surely can't be in the diary," said miss dunwick in a low tone. " i think i can explain it," returned nevil; " and i must say i believe more in this than i did before ; my other hand was in my coat pocket, and i was inadvertently holding in it a letter i received from an old friend. the passage, the child read was from this letter; i recognised it at once." " let us test this new power a little further;" and miss dunwick went over to ada again ; nevil took up his original position again with his hand on the patiant's forehead. "ask her who wrote the letter," said miss dunwick. " ada, who wrote this letter i have in my hand?" " john lindesay danten," replied ada. nevil nodded to indicate that the answer was right. " take the diary, and guide her finger as you saw me doing," said miss dunwick. nevil had to hold the paper in one hand and guide the child's finger with the other. as in the former case, there was no result. this was disappointing. that there was something in it nevil was now convinced ; and he felt as much annoyed as the others at the non-success of the attempt. the child was getting restless, and murmuring to herself in broken words ; " i can't see," she said petulantly and distinctly, but with out opening her eyes. " why not, ada?" questioned nevil. "auntie stops me ; she keeps hiding you from me." miss dunwick rose and motioned to nevil to take her seat " you try alone," she whispered* and then went over to the other side of the room. "now, ada, read this for me," said nevil, going back once more to the old manuscript "there's no writing; it's all lines," returned ada. dunwick started up from the table. " she's right; it must be the chart!" he exclaimed. " follow the lines with your finger, ada," ada did so, evidently marking out where a rough sketch map had been drawn on the paper. " take a pencil and follow her," said dunwick, handing one to nevil nevil told his patient to go over it once more, and following her finger with the pencil an out- line map was produced ; but strange to say there was apparently no writing on it, only crosses, stars, anchors, a rude sketch of a ship, and one of a tree. the manufacture of this took some time, and when it was concluded miss dunwick suggested that it would be well not to overtax their inter preter, and that they had therefore better post pone further attempts until the following night she took the child into her bedroom, and presently returned and joined the two men, who were poring over the map. " there must be some key to this," said dun wick, who was rather excited. " probably so," returned nevil," but unless we find out the exact locality this is intended to represent we are as far off as ever." " but we will find it i am certain," said dun wick, who was very sanguine. nevil shrugged his shoulders incredulously, and looked at the young lady, who smiled slightly; she felt that her game was the surest of the two. " it's late," she said; " i shall not hazard an opinion until the morning." bidding her father and their guest good-night she left the room; and dunwick and nevil soon parted, the latter to have a pipe on the verandah before turning in. tobacco and the contemplation of the stars having combined to soothe him, he was about following the example of the rest of the house, and seeking his bed, when a step and the rustle of a dress in the sitting-room, told him that his night's adventures were not quite concluded. he was standing in the full light that streamed through the open door of the sitting-room ; there was neither escape nor concealment possible ; he was in for a tete-a-tete, and hardened his heart accordingly. [to be continued.]   talk of the bravery of the sterner sex. do you remember the first time you asked her, " will you take my arm ?" while you trembled all over like the narrative of a stumptail dog, and experienced the sensation of having swallowed your adam's apple, what did bhe do t why, ahe took your arm as coolly as she would eat a pickle. tue foolish man takes his wife to a church sociable and spends $5 for ice cream and cake. the wise man allows his wife to serve on the refresh* ment committee, and when the evening comes he goes to that church sociable with a market basket if his wife has improved her opportunities, he cornea away ahead of the game.       chapter xix "maggie's secret."   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   chapter xix.   maggie's secret.   by "dramingo."   what do you think the bouncer did the other day ? why went and bought a cockatoo, as an opposition pet to me. a horrid bird that shrieked insanely, and stuck its top-knot up and   clawed about like a monkey. i made life un pleasant for that bird ; i threw my whole soul into compassing its destruction. i offered over and over again to fight it fair with or without witnesses, but it only squalled at me in an idiotic manner that roused me into such a pitch of ex asperation that " i went for that heathen chinee " and had him down off his perch, hang ing by one foot to his chain and uttering shrieks of dismay, in no time. agatha came to the rescue and petted the poor bird; called it a pretty cockey ! ugh! i'll pretty cockey it if i once get a chance. a scrawming, squawking, squirming galoot i i've had half its top-knot out already, and i'll have the rest out before long. i've been laying plans how to get to this fancy bazaar, but must trust to the chapter of acci dents i suppose. i'll be there; i would not miss it for anything. the weather is cooler now; but i suppose with a crowd in the room they'll have to open the windows for ventilation, and i'll get in through one of them. it's to be held at the school of arts in queen-street, and i anticipate some fun. that long-legged clergy man has been running in and out on all manner of pretences lately; he keeps me employed running after him. i'm sure he's fallen in love with clara, although she snubs him continually. they all fall in love with clara; all but the right one, and he's an ungrateful barbarian. we had a fire close to us the other day. they thought at one time it was coming our way, and the bouncer rushed upstairs and threw all the breakable articles in her room out of the window;   and then fainted on the landing, nearly sending her mother into fit. she's a domestic tornado that girl. i took advantage of the confusion to attack the cockatoo, and had him almost killed when clara stopped me. never mind, the time will come. they all went yesterday to commence the work of decoration ; all but clara, she stayed with her mother, who's been getting very feeble lately. agatha locked the cockatoo up in her room before she left. james and wickleham were im pressed in the service ; they tried hard to get jack. miss pengulphus gave him a look that would have softened a piece of sandstone ; but it was no use ; jack said he was busy and could not get away. and yet when mrs. mortmain came to call on clara, and they decided on going to inspect progress, jack went at once when he was asked. l am afraid he's got a weakness in that direction. i mean in mrs. mortmain's direction. i like her myself; she's a charm ing little widow, and i've never pecked her yet. she's the only close friend clara has; she's quite young, only about three-and-twenty, and got a nice little income of her own. mind you, jack might do worse ; from a worldly point of view i don't object to it. but i know the reason jack has a liking for her : because all the other girls never miss an opportunity of speaking ill of her, and of course he wants to take her part at once. fact is she's, in my opinion, the only woman in brisbane who knows how to dress, and all the men think so too ; so you may imagine there's envy, hatred, malice, and all uncharitableness let loose whenever her name's mentioned. but to return : jack went off with his sister and mrs. mortmain; though how he accounted to the other ladies for his presence at the scene of the ensuing gaiety is more than i can tell; but i suppose that did not trouble him much. now, being left to myself, i bethought me of the cockatoo in agatha's room, and went up and inspected the door; it was closed. i screamed defiance through the keyhole, but it only called out "pretty cockey," in return, and then - then i thought of the window. the window was open; the house was almost deserted, for mrs. danten was asleep, and the servants were doubtless ex changing tender confidences below stairs. i flew through that open window, and then ensued a combat such as that room never witnessed before. he fought gamely ; now that he's dead i'll say that for him ; but when i left that room i left a mangled body behind me. once i thought he would have mastered me; and he nearly demolished my right eye; but i man aged to get one decisive dig at the back of his head, and then he collapsed. it took me scarcely five seconds to finish him ; and uttering a yell of triumph i — the murderer—contemplated my bloody work. i felt sorry after it was over; i felt a sense of remorse steal over me for the first time in my life. beyond his intensely annoying stupidity, the bird had not insulted or harmed me ; he was inoffensive enough. but he was dead; there was no good grieving over it i was not equal to facing the consequences of my deed of vengeance ; i went and concealed myself in the garden ; and although later on there was search made for me i refused to respond, and remained in concealment. and that was the fatal mis take of my life ; i should have enjoyed a splendid scene had i been at home : the return of the prodigal, bloomington, no less—and bloomington absent, embarrassed, distrait, and altogether a different man ; at least so i gathered from the conversation at the breakfast table the next morning. the james-cum-bouncer party met him and asked him to dinner, and he came; why was i not there to welcome him ! there was great lamentation over the death of the cockatoo. l of course was accused of it; that girl agatha would say anything of me. i was let off this time, but i am afraid i must not play such tricks any more; i'm getting my name up for diablerie of one sort or another lately. i went to the bazaar. i was there and i think attracted more attention than anybody else. i did not go in the day-time; i thought there would be more fun at night, so i dropped in about 9 o'clock. the windows were open as i anticipated, and i soon joined the festive throng, and got into trouble at once. i was looking for the stall where clara and mrs. mortmain were, and somebody kicked me, so i resented it; and being rather bewildered attacked the wrong person. some slight confusion ensued, and in the midst of my flutterings i caught sight of clara, and flew towards her at once. she took me in, and permitted me to stay, after expressing some surprise at my presence in such a scene. agatha was not keeping a stall—it was too tame for her ; she and others of her set were careering about in a free-lance kind of fashion, selling button-hole bouquets, cigarettes, and other small trifles. the bouncer had a keen eye for the dollars ; she accosted a grave old gray, moustached gentleman just in front of me ; and insisted on selling him a rosebud. " eighteenpence for the flower, and a shilling for putting it in your coat," she said as she deftly pinned it into the man's button-hole. " thanks," he said looking down at it as he tendered her half-a-crown ; " but i don't wear flowers." "no ! 0 then, a shilling for taking it out again; three-and-sixpence, please." and she restored the bouquet to her basket and darted off to another customer, leaving the old gentle man with rather an amused smile hovering under his moustache. jack was lounging about his sister's stall he proposed putting me up for a raffle, and offered to go round with me if mrs. mortmain would sell the tickets. the offer was accepted after some demur on clara's part, who made jack promise that he would buy me back from the winner. my consent was not asked; and yet this is called a free country ! the services of another young lady having also been called into requisition we started, i sitting on jack's shoulder. i was rather glad of the opportunity to inspect the whole affair. the first thing that struck me was that the sexes had changed places ; most of the careering young ladies of agatha's set seemed to have become boys for the nonce ; or a kind of being that was neither a boy nor a girl, but combining the bad qualities of both. from my post of vantage i looked down on the moving throng with disgust.   would magpies so make common and cheapen the alluring little arts and small fascinations that providence had awarded to these boisterous and romping damsels ? no, i proudly thought not. ah ! i reflected, as i pecked a clergyman en passant, it only shows how dear original sin is to to all of us. if these fair creatures did not think that there was a suspicion of naugh tiness about all this ; a kind of casting of prudery to the winds, as it were ; do you think they would care twopence about it ? not at all. 0! i could have preached a sermon from the living text around me that would have sent half the girls home with unwonted blushes on their cheeks, but not having the gift of speech i had to think it all. meantime the list was getting rapidly filled ; i was doing good service for the organ fund, and felt elated in consequence ; i was going to say elevated, but people might accuse me of making puns, which i never do. i was speculating as to who was going to win me, and somehow thought blooiuington would be the man. i was right; he was the lucky man. he presented me to clara, or rather got jack to do so, for he had a holy horror of my beak ; and i netted £4 11s. 6d. for st. williams, and never got a word of thanks for it. i became a source of attraction after this exploit; every body came to see me, and i bit twenty-two people on the finger in the course of three quarters of an hour. meantime business was brisk ; the rev. raisons came round with a saintly smile on his face and complimented clara on the success of the bazaar. i saw a look of intelligence pass between her and mrs. mortmain as he went away. their stall was nearly empty of small articles, and as soon as a lull came in the proceedings the two conspirators put forth the clerical dolls in place of what had been sold. jack improvised a pulpit or two for them, and commenced an extempore sermon, in which, however, he was stopped by clara, as several people began to gather round. the competition for the dolls was brisk, so mrs. mortmain raised the price at once, and the sale of them soon eclipsed that of the cartes of the original. there was quite a little cluster round our stall, and i was anticipating the advent of the rev. raisons with a great degree of pleasure, when my atten tion was attracted by the youth wickleham. in the meanest manner he had been escaping plunder himself by going round with the girls hunting up men for the raffles, and generally turning against his kind. now retribution had fallen on him ; an able-bodied female had got him penned up in a corner and was insisting on selling him a pen-wiper for 5s. wickleham fought gamely; he averred that he already had pur chased fifty-seven pen-wipers and had no money left; but he would not have been let off so easily had not the bouncer come to his assistance. she saw the difficulty and came to the rescue like a charge of heavy cavalry. now if i had not been watching wickleham i should not have seen a face behind him that attracted my attention at once; it was the girl bell, and she was looking intently at bloomington with a look that boded him no good. the girl was better dressed, at least more quietly dressed, than she was when i last saw her, and amongst the mixed crowd perambu lating the room would not attract particular notice, excepting that she was rather better looking than the general run. mrs. maclure was at our stall, admiring the dolls—the dear old girl is short-sighted, and was peering at one with a double eye-glass : " 0 yes, most amusing, capital likeness, meant for the dear bishop ; i see ! i see ! do look here, mr. bloomington." bloomington turned, and as he did so caught the look fixed on him—just for an instant, for when the girl saw him move she drew back and disappeared in the crowd. but what astonished me was that bloomington had turned as white as possible, and he answered mrs. maclure at ran dom : " yes, very like you ; capital likeness ; saw it at once," he (said, to the old woman's astonishment. however he recovered himself directly, and invested in a doll to cover his late confusion. i was watching him closely, and saw a very nervous frightened look come into his eyes. this was interesting: what were the semi-public flirtations going on all round compared to this ? i noticed he was watching an opportunity to get away, and my attention was redoubled. i had not long to wait; in such a scene nobody was expected to stop long in one place, so he soon made an excuse and moved towards the door. i marked him, and when i saw him pass out i flew off to the window, much to clara's alarm. bloomington came to the corner of the street and looked up and down, both ways, but apparently without success, for, muttering to himself, he was about turning in to the bazaar again when the girl " bell " passed close to him, walking towards the valley. bloomington fol lowed her, and i followed the pair. he did not attempt to speak to her until they came into the quieter part of queen-street, and then after he joined her i saw them turn down the lonely short-cut behind the gas-works leading to bowen terrace. they soon stopped, and it was easy for me to get close to them. " what do you want, then, if it's not money ?" i heard bloomington say as i got close. " i want to know where my sister is ; whether she is dead or alive ?" returned his companion. " i can't answer stupid questions ; what the deuce do i know about your sister ? she left me of her own accord." " when ?" " years ago ; four at least." "and armstrong said he saw her with you two years ago." "armstrong's a liar." " you'd tetter tell him so; anyhow i prefer believing him to you." " believe who you like or what you will ; i don't intend to afford you any more information, because i have none to give." "but i intend to get it. i suppose you think i'm a very insignificant mortal to threaten a man like you ; but i've got friends to help me that you know nothing of, better men, and as well off as you." " i should think that not at all unlikely ; a girl like you is pretty sure to have male acquaint ances of that sort;" returned bloomington in a contemptuous tone. " you sneering devil," said the girl; " you think all men as bad as yourself. but i do not want to have a useless quarrel with you ; we hate   each other badly enough without that. tell me where jessie is or what has become of her ; she's the only thing i care for in this world. i only want to know that ; it can't hurt you." " i tell you she left me of her own accord." " i'm certain she would not. she was too big a fool ; i've got all the devil in me for both of us. will you tell me or not?" "no ; good-night; and don't cross my path if you're wise." " not cross your path ! i'll go in heart and soul to help those who are seeking to expose you. i've a few secrets of yours you would not like shouted on the house tops; i've kept them as yet, but they shall soon be common property now." " be wise and hold your tongue," said bloom ington in a trembling voice of rage. "why ? how can you harm me! i'm past all that; tell me what i want, and i'll not stir a foot to injure you." bloomington looked hastily around, and drew nearer to the girl. " i'll tell you what you want to know, if you meet me here this day week," he said. " and why not now ?" " because i have no time ; i must go back to my friends ; i promise you i will be here." " your word is not worth much, but i'll trust you, for i lose nothing by it. here ' this day week." and turning she left him, but stopped suddenly, "at what time!" she said. "at 10," he replied, and she turned away once more ; and i flew back to the school of arts. the crowd there was thinning rapidly. clara and mrs. mortmain were preparing to leave, and vainly urging the bouncer to do likewise, but agatha and her friends evidently thought that the fun of the evening had only just commenced and were in exuberant spirits ; the gentle wicky, with rosebuds stuck in every available button hole of his coat, was in great form; he was following his bright particular star about in the fashion of a page or attendant dog. james was rather frisky too, but jack's presence acted like a wet blanket on his high spirits. i watched the dodging for some time; agatha evidently wanted to be left to come home under james' protection, but jack was too old a bird—he knows nearly as much as i do. the bouncer had to tear herself away, and come with mrs. mortmain and clara, bloomington turning up just as they were leaving. i got home long before they did, and had had my first sleep in fact. they must have gone to bed some two hours when i heard voices in loud conversation at the gate, and went down to see who it was. it was james and wickleham. " i live here ?" said james interrogatively to the gate-post. " no, thish my house," returned wickleham ; "sorry i can't see you home old fellow, but musht say good-night." " wickleham, you must be drunk ; i live here, i know the gate-post." " james, don't be fool; lived here last five years ; don't keep man standing talking here ; good-night" " well, this is humbug; why i'm sure as i'm alive i live here." " here's policeman coming ; letsh ask him." a good-natured trap turning up, he decided in favor of james, and undertook to see tho other victim to high spirits safely home. james sub sided into a singapore lounge in the verandah, and sneaked upstairs the first thing in the morn ing before jack was up. the bazaar was kept up with great spirit the next night; i attended again. they had put in a piano, and there was quite a rush of young lady volunteers to tickle the ears of the company with sweet sounds. the worst of it was that whilst one was playing the others would keep up such a chattering that you could not hear a note, and then the pianiste would put the pedal down, and thump the poor piano spitefully as though it was the wretched instrument's fault. it's my firm belief that every girl who sat down to that piano that night thought that everybody would immediately have been hushed into entranced stillness as her first notes smote their listening ears. being disappointed, they one and all smote the piano savagely in revenge. i wouldn't be a piano for something. there was a great rush to our stall for "clergymen" that night— "clergymen," of course, were the dolls clara had dressed up ; those that were left went off at extravagant prices, and mrs. mortmain and my little girl cleared by far the largest sum of any taken there. " i am so sorry, mr. raisons," said clara in a tremulous tone of pity, " but i really could not sell one of your photographs ; here they all are." " yes, 0 ! it does not matter, perhaps others have been more successful; but it has been a great success altogether has it not? how well you have both done." " did you see how popular the clergy were ?" said the widow. " yes, i trust our services are often rewarded by approval in this world, as well as by what we expect in the next." " i mean our clergy—miss danten's; why half our receipts came from them." " 0, those little figures ? ah i very amusing, but a little out of place i thought." " why, mr.raisons, everybody said they were model parsons ; they had all the virtues of the cloth, and none of its defects." " good-night; i must see after some friends who are here," said the reverend hastily, and shaking hands with the ladies he retreated. " fairly hunted, mrs. mortmain," said jack. " i hope so ; i don't mind the little trouble involved in assisting at these affairs, but we are not going to be patronised as well, are we, clara ?" replied the lady. there was now a great bustle of leave-taking, old ladies running about everywhere looking for young ones, young ones running about every where to escape the old ones, and showing great ingenuity in evading discovery ; the whole affair was degenerating into a great romp, and mrs. mortmain and clara were looking on curiously, wondering when chaos would cease. the bouncer to my certain knowledge shook hands four times with the same men, and nearly kissed one in mistake for his sister. at last things got settled down a little ; everything was raffled off and only a few very festive damsels who had evaded the maternal eye were waiting to the bitter end. my people had long since gone, so i left too, and flew home, passing the reverend—   who was escorting home no less than five middle aged ladies—on my way. chapter xx. therefore—since brevity is the soul of wit and tediousness the limbs and outward flonriahes i will be brief. nevil scarcely knew how to commence the conversation ; the young lady so evidently thought it should be taken up where it was dropped the other night; but he felt quite differently on the subject—a happy thought struck him: "by the way, miss dunwick, i forgot to tell you as a curious coincidence that the name of my partner out west is blount." "it seems strange: if he should prove a descend ant of the man mentioned in the diary! but i know you half believe in this only ; i am cer tain you think there is some fraud in it; confess now." "not at all; i am convinced against my own judgment. so far as ada's capability of reading the diary whilst in a state of trance is concerned, i once saw a much more inexplicable instance of psychometry when in south america; the strangest thing is tho coincidence of names. i look with much interest to obtaining a full account of these adventurers." " when can you come over again, to repeat the experiment? only don't bring letters in your pocket, or we may have some curious revelations again. by the way, is the writer of that letter a great friend of yours ?" " yes, almost the only one i have in australia." " well, i feel sure that i shall hate him in tensely if ever i see him, and that he'll do me a great injury some day." " what a strange notion. it is evident you don't know him ; poor jack, the last man in the world to do any one an injury ; if ever you meet him you'll laugh at the idea yourself." i might, but i'm a firm believer in first im pressions, whether of names or faces, and i stick to my text" " i believe in first impressions too, but not as regards names; why where could you draw the line ?" " i don't mean as regards the euphony of a name; its effect upon me is independent of that" " you are getting out of my depth, and it's late to start a metaphysical discussion now." nevil thought this was a good hint, but it was not taken. " do you know i had a great compliment paid me a short time ago ?" " i'm not at all surprised to hear that; who was the author of it ?" " my father's employer," she said with a stress on the last word. " yes i" returned nevil indifferently, and a little haughtily. " yes, actually solicited the—ahem—honor of my hand." " yes," said nevil in the same tone. "you might have the politeness to display a little interest in my answer." "i am greatly interested, but i thought it would be impertinent of me to enquire perhaps, as i should think there could be but one." "and what would that be?" " declined with thanks." " is that your advice ?" " certainly not," said nevil, saving himself on the brink of a fatal precipice ; " don't imagine i could be so presumptuous as to advise any young lady on such a question." " but i want your advice; i have left the poor man in agonising suspense; just fancy your own feelings in the same situation." "if i had a sister who was going to marry bloomington, i'd wring her neck on the eve of her wedding." " complimentary, to my would-be fiance ! on what grounds ?" "that i know him to be a thorough-paced scamp, apart from his low breeding or anything of that sort." " yet you meet him, and know him." " on sufferance, yes ; the necessities of civili sation demand it" " then provided the gentleman's moral charac ter was correct you would advise me to accept this flattering offer ?" " i cannot take upon myself to offer advice ; would not your father be the best to seek it from ?" " no, for he is too deeply interested." " you are putting me in a strange corner, miss dunwick ; i believe you are having a quiet laugh at my expense ; this is a joke." " no, really it is not. i have no friend but you to ask advice from ; my father and i are almost alone in the world. do be my friend i" in this last request there was a ring of truth that touched nevil nearly. yea, be felt quite ready to be her friend ; there was no harm in that ; of ocourse such a cold-blooded individual as himself could keep a careful watch on his con duct to see that the friendship did not get too warm. " i have told you already what i think of bloomington ; in fact what i partly know of him. i need not ask you if you care for him." " not as much as for that twig," she replied, breaking one off and casting it aside; " but i am his master, i know." a nice look-out for bloomington thought nevil, adding aloud : " from a worldly point of view i believe he is an eligible ; he has money." "yes, that is his only recommendation, but is it only on account of his personal character you would dissuade me ?" and she put her hand on his arm, and looked up into his eyes half beseech ingly. " you are a man, and, although you may know what hardship and poverty are, you can never feel them like a woman ; you can never have that helpless feeling and, above all, that utter disgust with sordid surroundings that almost kills me at times." " i can imagine it," returned nevil, " that is, to a great extent; but how can i tender you advice on such a subject as this; who knows what the future has in store for you ?'' "i an guess by the past" she replied gloomily. "no, i decide to night whether i send this man an answer or not; tell me what i shall do." nevil could scarcely help drawing his compan ion closed to him, as he replied ; the difference between her present clinging womanliness and her general self-contained nature was so marked as to convince him that it was not all acting; but   the crisis was past, he had more method than madness in him just then. " you can count on me always as a friend, and i hope a good one ; but i cannot advise you as to your acceptance of this man—l am too hope lessly prejudiced. i need not say that you are utterly throwing yourself away if you do marry him, for this is scarcely a time for empty compli ments ; but i advise you to think more—think whether money is such an unmitigated bless ing." " i have thought ; and shall decide in the affirmative. there is one thing i prize more than money, but i see now it is not for me." she drew herself away from him as she spoke. " good night ; we are friends." she held out her hand ; he took it, and bowed. " i will always be your friend if you will let me, as i said just now." " even if i marry this man ?" nevil noticed she would not speak of him by name. "even if you marry the man in question." " which i intend doing," and as she made the assertion she turned away ; then came suddenly back, and met her companion in a passionate embrace. " forget this ; i'm a fool!" she said with a half sob as she reluctantly disengaged herself from his arms, and hurried to her room. there she turned to her only confidante, her look ing- glass, and gazed hard at her reflection in the glass: the one blemish in her face, the inequality in her eyebrows, looked to her painfully pro minent, and she deepened it by a frown. " you're very handsome, jane," she muttered to her likeness ; " and you've gained a nice respect able blackguard of a husband, with that pretty face. he's rich and you can make a fool of him, you know ; but the man who might have altered your life, and made you a woman, with a woman's love and pity in your heart, wouldn't have you although you throw yourself into his arms. phaugh ! i hate you for a fool, and you thought yourself a clever woman ; go to sleep and wake up wiser in the morning." [to be continued]       chapter xxi maggie's secret   literature   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   chapter xxi.   "maggie's secret."   by "dramingo."   procrastination is the ruin of a man, or magpie either; now i've been putting off the continuation of this veracious history in the whirl of events that have been chasing one another   lately, until i really hardly know where to pick up the thread of my narrative again. it is twelve months or more since that bazaar, and the chances and changes of this mortal life have been something wonderful in that time ; they have quite upset all my calculations, and rendered me a sadder and a wiser bird. the event of the times is that bloomington has became a benedict; two months ago you might have seen an announcement in the morning paper " bloomington—dunwick ;" if you didn't see it, i did, and that's enough to establish the fact i hope. the bouncer's opinion of mrs. bloom ington is that she is the most charming and delight ful woman she ever met; but agatha always does gush over a new acquaintance, so that's nothing. my opinion of mrs. bloomington is that she's about as handsome a woman as i ever saw, and i wouldn't peck her for a king's ransom; for she'd just watch her opportunity and wring my neck if i did, with about as much compunction as i'd feel at killing a beetle. bloomington has become quite a shining light in politics lately. i always thought he was emi nently adapted for a queensland legislator, and he has borne out my surmise. he belongs to the great liberal party. i have but a vague idea what that is, but believe it to be the party that brags the most; but then it's hard to say which side does that. at any rate bloomington antici pates being minister for lands or something of that sort, if they succeed in turning the govern ment out; - which they intend to attempt shortly; meanwhile, from what i hear, mrs. bloomington has created rather a sensation in the polite circles of brisbane society. she fairly took the town by storm. she's actually made bloomington tole rated for her sake. i heard her discussed by a full conclave the other afternoon; all women, of course; and she was damned, sir! damned beyond redemption ; as old mayor singleton used to say to jack up on the station when they got into a fierce argument about something. not one of them said a word aotually against her, but lord! what did they not insinuate ! the montforlat girls took it up first, and were fol lowed by mrs. duncraigie, who gave it as her opinion that mrs. dunwiok was wonderfully pre sentable considering how little she must know of the beau monde, as she neatly put it. the ghost of an amused smile crept over clara's face. mrs. duncraigie, nee miss potts, was a barmaid on a flourishing diggings township when she con quered the susceptible heart of the gallant dun craigie ; but, my dear boy, we're not supposed to know that; you believe in my little fiction, and i'll accept yours ; let us be select or perish. "what or who was she?" said esmeralda jones ; " there are so many stories about her." "well," returned mrs. duncraigie, "her father was a shepherd on one of mr. bloomington's stations, and he fell in love with her and married her." apparently this sounded as though mrs. bloomington's father had fallen in love with and married his daughter ; but mrs. duncraigie was above such little considerations as involved sen tences. " i don't think that he was a shepherd," said clara mildly. " o, but i assure you he was ; i have it on the very best authority." "but sedgemoor is a cattle station ; and as a rule they don't employ shepherds on a cattle station," suggested my little mistress sweetly. " i don't know anything about that," retorted the member of the beau monde, " but i know that he was what i say." "i heard that she was a barmaid at cook town," said esmeralda jones with sublime un consciousness, or apparently so. " well," remarked clara; "as an intimate in fact one of my brother's best friends owns the next station to sedgemoor, and knew mrs. bloomington when she was miss dunwick, per haps i may be pardoned for trying to put you right. mr. dunwick was managing the station for bis brother, who was mr. bloomington's partner. he and his daughter came here from south america, where he had been ruined over a silver mine, in which he had invested all his money. to judge from manner and appearance i should say that mrs. bloomington had a more intimate acquaintance with the beau monde than any of us here." i could have patted my little girl on the back for this speech ; i knew she had forty good reasons for not liking mrs. bloomington, and   only one in her favor-—that one being the fact of her having married bloomington ; but she felt that she had to take her part, and did it accord ingly, like the little brick she always is. i knew there would be some hard- hitting directly, and waited chuckling. " tea," said mrs. duncraigie ; " i admit that she is good-looking, and dresses well, but there's a something, an absence of haut ton -" " of what ?" said clara gently but distinctly, at which esmeralda jones sniggered audibly. mrs. duncraigie got very red, and looked at clara as though she would like to—to kiss her ; but she felt that her reputation was at stake, and went at it boldly again :" of haut ton; a want of—well not exactly refinement but a sort of je ne sais quoi." she hurled this last phrase defiantly at clara ; but my little girl was never ungenerous, and said nothing. " her manner has not that repose that stamps the class of vere de vere;" remarked the bouncer, who had been very quiet, considering her dear friend was under discussion. " i think it has, to a marked extent; but sup pose we spare her for a while." " i'm sure nobody's said nothing against her," said mrs. duncraigie losing her temper and her grammar at the same time. " but i must say for a married woman that she lays herself out for admiration a good deal," put in the montforlat spitefully. "so would we if we had the same good reason," returned clara calmly. " speak for yourself, clara," said agatha in dignantly. "so i do; i like being admired, and should be glad to get as much admiration and attention as mrs. bloomington gets ; but as i'm not so good looking i have to put up with a smaller portion : of course nobody here cares anything for it" " i think it's all very well for a young girl; but married women should dispense with it," said mrs. duncraigie, who from her appearance was one of many, supplied by contract, and had probably had to dispense with admiration for some time, and assumed airs on the strength of it. "a good many do," remarked clara, apparently to me, in a stage aside. " but," went on the stickler for the proprieties, who was only half civilised and apt to lose her temper, " i can't see anything about that mrs. bloomington to make a fuss about; she's got a bit of a color certainly, but one of her eyebrows is all crooked. " but she's got beautiful hands; so well shaped," said esmeralda jones, who had col loquially speaking a down on the last speaker, whose hands were built on a large and useful pattern. " and they're never prominent; she doesn't appear to find them in the way at all," added clara in a tone of exaggerated sweetness. mrs. duncraigie glared fiercely, and took her hands out of her lap where they had been com fortahly reposing in a manner that certainly drew attention to them ; but she was not going to be beaten. "well i'm glad you told us all about her, for after the stories i'd heard i scarcely knew whether to call or not. you see mr. duncraigie's very particular about whom i know; he's peculiar in his tastes." ''ah i so i should think," returned clara; with a scarcely perceptible glance at her opponent from under her long eyelashes that sent the rejoinder home. "not going, are you!" and the women shook hands fondly, as if nothing spiteful had passed, and one of them at least did not long to fall on the other and rend her. i think clara's the most unpopular girl in brisbane : she's got one friend, mrs. mortmain, who shares her unpopularity, and i am afraid urges her on in such little encounters as the late one. now the bouncer's got scores of friends; she's voted a jolly girl, and no nonsense about her, by all the young fellows, and is decidedly a favorite ; and yet one of clara's little fingers, or mrs. mortmain's either, is worth six agathas ; so much for the appreciation of you men and women! i've got to like mrs. mortmain very much, she's got such frank, honest, gray eyes; i'm always glad to see her, and behave myself properly towards her. this last year has brought a deal of changes. james has been straightened-up, as jack terms it jack did the straightening process ; he found out about james' augmenting his income by collecting debts for bloomington, on commis sion, and promptly put a stop to it. also, for some reason or other, he—jack—and nevil have ceased all those mysterious enquiries into bloom ington's affairs, that seemed to interest them so. so far as i could make out, this marriage of his stayed them ; i heard nevil say that it " wouid now be much the same," whatever that meant, and " that providence had settled things without their interference ;" in all of which jack, who is of an indolent disposition, quite coincided. wickleham of course is of the past, and agatha has had several little affairs since then. l am still in the prime of health and vigor, and able to take my own part as usual. there is, how ever, one little thing i must go back to, and that is the meeting that blooomington arranged with bell. i was at the rendezvous a week after the bazaar, but bell was before me and walking up and down in an evident fit of bad temper and impatience. i felt glad i was not to have the honor of an interview. bloomington kept her waiting about ten minutes, and she'd worked herself up into a pretty little passion by that time. "ah ! bell, good evening !" he said when he came, as though it was quite an accidental en counter. she muttered something sullenly in return ; it might have been either a salutation or a curse, probably it was the latter. " let's see," said bloomington airily, " what was the particular business you wanted to see me on ?" the girl stamped her foot "great heavens ! do you want me to lose the little temper i have left; how could you remember to come here if you forget what it was for i" " well, i'll tell you what it was for: to warn you to keep your tongue quiet about me and my affairs ; to forget that you know me, or anything about me; in fact not to make a fool of yourself any more."   bell drew a long breath ; and said half aloud : " i thought as much ; go on mr. bloomiugton." *' well ; i have said, remember." "0, no," his companion returned in an unnatu rally calm manner ; " you haven't told me why i should do all this." " because if you keep quiet i'll behave hand somely to you as far as money goes ; and if you don't i'll have you run in—shopped ; you under stand that language ?" " you will ? you have the cheek to threaten me, you ;" and she broke out into a torrent of abuse and scathing invective that must have made bloomington writhe again. being a young person of a naturally high spirit, and not accus tomed to pick her language, her remarks on the gentleman in front of her were characterised by a strict fidelity in calling a spade a spade that put her opinion of bloomington in an unmistak ably clear and pronounced light. "confound you, hold your tougue or i'll make you !" he cried angrily. " how will you make me ?" she replied taunt ingly. he clenched his fist and strode a step nearer to her; but she only laughed and never flinched. "look there, before you do anything," she said, pointing past him. bloomington turned round hastily; some short distance off a man was standing leaning against a post, and gazhg into the river, apparently quite unconscious of the neighborhood of the pair. " so you brought a bully with you ?" bloom ington remarked sneeringly. " it's as well i did," retorted the girl ; " why don't you do what you were threatening just now t" "you had much better listen to reason ; what harm, can you do me ?" said bloomington chang ing his tone suddenly : " you have some yarn about your sister, which is nothing, when all's said and done, and what do you know besides?" "i thing armstrong has got some information concerning you that you would not care about hearing." armstrong will soon be nearly a thousand miles from here ; he's gone out to look after a station, right outside." " when did he start ! i saw him a week ago." " he started some few days ago." " and i suppose you think yourself safe now he is away." "i don't think anything of the kind; what absurd notion have you got into your head ? armstrong had a grudge against me, or thought he had ; but i have nothing to fear from him." " i'll find out that ; i'll see him again." " why on earth can't you listen to reason? you think i played your sister false ; but, admit ting that, i have done neither more nor less in that respect than any other man has. how can i help it now ? she left me of her own accord, and is probably very comfortable somewhere at the present moment" " 0 yes," said the girl half crying, " you are frightened of armstrong, or why did you put me off for a week i i can see through it all; but it makes me mad that i can't prove anything," and she stamped impatiently again, which seemed a characteristic habit with her. bloomington said nothing for a bit; then, when this emotional young party had grown calmer, he remarked that as he did not want to stand there all night he'd go home. "better taken my advice, and drop thsse heroics ; have you not troubles of your own, without constitut ing yourself your sister's avenger?" he added. " yes, enough and to spare ; but none like hers, a poor little girl of sixteen! nobody but such a cur as you would have injured her ; but i'll wait, and my time will come." " well, this is getting monotonous ; if you're hard up and want some money, i'll give you some : if not—good-night!" " well, i'll change my mind," returned bell recklessly ; " money's sure, and revenge is not ; i'll cry quits with you if you like." " that's more like sense; do you want any now!" " yes, if you have some with you." bloomington drew some notes from his pocket and offered them to her. " have you any silver, any change?" she asked, not taking the proffered notes. " you're very suspicious !" he returned, taking out some silver and handing it to the girl. she took it, stepped back a pace, and then, before he could divine her intention, threw the coins straight and hard into his face. " so much for your money !" she said, and turned hastily away. bloomington swore a mighty oath, and put his handkerchief up to his face. i can testify to the force of the young lady's arm, for one half crown missed its mark and hit me, and i was quite satisfied with that; i should not have liked the whole handful. bloomington went off swear ing to himself, and i followed bell, who had joined the man who was waiting, and who turned out to be jack. bell had got into the weeping stage again ; and jack was puffing at a cigar as he walked along without speaking a word. when near the place where they had had the first interview they stopped. "i suppose there's nothing more to be done," said the girl, who was still in a sniffling con dition. "well i think you've done very well for to night," returned jack referring to her last ex ploit. i thought so too, for i was still sore, but i did not put my word in. " and you're not going to do anything more ?" " i expect to hear from mr. nevil shortly and then we'll see." " never mind," said bell, who seemed in some danger of a relapse ; " i'll see it out myself. i'll wait, and i'll wait, but he sha'n't escape me. why do you want to leave off now ?" " well, i can't explain it very well, but there's a likehood of others being mixed up in it ; and so far as i am concerned he is no longer likely to cross my path, so i have no reason for finding out any delinquencies he may have committed." " leave it to me, then ; i won't give it up, though you do throw me over." " nobody contemplates such a performance, my dear girl i believe you are acting honestly and properly according to your ideas, and either mr. nevil or i will always be ready to help you ; but you must see that we can't take bloomington to task for that little affair of your sister ; it would be utterly absurd, and we should be properly   laughed at. we had a motive which at present we let drop, circumstances having altered. now dry your eyes," said jack patting her cheek in a fatherly manner, for he's a very soft-hearted fellow is jack, " and sleep on your grievance." " goud-night" returned bell ; don't take any notice of what i say ; but i was very fond of my young sister, and i lose my temper when i talk of it; we were quite alone in the world, and— and i was trying to keep straight, and would have, only for him," and putting up her hand kerchief again the girl hurried away, and jack turned townward. and this was twelve months ago, and i've not seen the young damsel since, nor—after the energetic and reckless way she throws money about—do i particularly want to. nevil's been down several times since during the year ; but he's not at all the man he used to be ; jack and i are the only ones out of the lot who are unaltered. well, i must go and have my afternoon nap, so au revoir, as mrs. dun craigie would say.   chapter xxii. —let us know our indiscretion sometimes serves us well when our deep plots do pall; and that should teach us there's a divinity that shapes our ends, rough hew them how we will the dust lies thick under the group of iron bark trees that form the main camp on rivers dale. a few cattle are standing about, leisurely ruminating ; grazing dreamily in front of them as they monotonously move their jaws. all around, the peace and quiet of the queensland bush. the drowsy hum of the locusts, and the occa sional stamp of a beast tormented by a fly, alone break the stillness. by-and-by a far off whip rouses the attention of the quadrupeds standing on the camp; and a cloud of dust in the distance betokens the advent of some new comer. they soon come in sight, following one of the many tracks leading on to the camp ; the steers first, trotting on ahead with an occasional kick and half-buck, greeting the present possessors of the camp with uproarious bellowings; then the mothers of families in trouble about their youngest offspring, who are getting fagged, and not keeping up ; and then the patriarchs of the herd, lumbering heavily in the rear. the men turn off to the shadiest tree as the cattle string on to the camp ; throwing themselves down on the grass, they indulge in reminiscences of the morning's work ; wondering what had be come of missing beasts, and abusing or praising their horses, as the case might be. soon whip cracking and bellowing from the opposite direc tion betokens the arrival of more cattle. an old bull on the camp locally known as " father abraham " evinced symptoms of defiance to the world in general, pawing up the dust and coating it contemptuously upon himself and any other beast standing near. then the newcomers come in sight, in the same order as the first mob. father abraham lets them on to the camp un noticed, save by a sidelong scowl; he is listening to a hoarse note of war that is being breathed in the rear—listening with bloodshot eyes and swell ing stiffening neck. it comes nearer, as the last stragglers run on camp ; and " long tom," the lord of another camp, dropping his warlike mutterings, and assuming an air of dignify un consciousness befitting one who is in an enemy's country, marches in. looking anywhere but at one another the two rivals approach, heads down, every muscle braced for the enevitable tussle; but looking as magnificently unaware of each other as two men—dead cute—could. nearer and nearer they draw, sidling up, keenly on the alert; till suddenly with a swift spring you would have scarcely given such unwieldy beasts credit for they are battlingly fiercely together, forehead to forehead, and horns clowning and grinding. backwards and forwards ; stamping and strain ing, every sinew brought to bear, every force ex erted, they go up and down the camp. now long tom gains a slight advantage, and drives father abraham against a sapling, bringing it to the earth with their united weight; but the patriarch recovers himself, and in turn forces his adversary back ; and a cloud of white dust obscures the combatants for a while. a few bullocks dance wildly around with their tongues lolling out, trumpeting in an absurd and idiotic manner ; then out of the thick dust-reek come the two gladiators, and father abraham is slowly and surely driving the intruder back. you can see the quivering muscles at their utmost tension as the beaten one finds himself unable to make a stand ; step by step, ever so surely, he has to go, the pace increasing until at last at the verge of the camp he has to decide between flight and being overborne. he turns, and in an instant father abraham's homs are in his flank, and the two are careering at a lumbering gullop across the flat. " now then," cries nevil sharply, " fetch that bull back some of you ; do you mean to let him go!" a black-boy who had been watching the fight, an absorbed spectator, starts into preternatural activity and a hard gallop at these words ; and one of the stockmen reclining under the aforesaid shady tree opines that the boss has got out of the wrong side of the bed that morning. nevil indeed does not seem altogether contented with himself, and things in general; any beast that comes under his whip when drafting finds it out to its cost. so soon as all the cattle are drafted, he beckons to dick grattan, and the two ride homeward, leaving the cattle to be driven slowly afterwards. nevil says but little as they ride on, and grattan, who is an observant youth in his way and greatly attached to him, notes his humor and forbears to bore him with remarks. the track they follow takes them along the bank of the river, and pleasant little glimpses of wood and water meet them at every turn. the giant tea trees, laving their long tendrils in tho water, are filled with parrots, and a noisy souud of chatter ing and scolding rises from amidst their dense foliage. there is a calm quiet dreamy look about the scene ; the water sleeping unrippled alongside ; the white sand ; the tall river gums rearing their heads aloft above the other timber, not a breeze stirring their narrow neutral-tinted leaves ; the absence of all life but the gaudy blue-mountain parrots, fluttering about and dart ing their little tufted tongues into the blossoms on the tea-trees, make one think of a land " where it was always in the afternoon." nevil has seen it often, but he gazes at the scene now   with a strong feeling of relief invading and sub duing the evil spirit in his breast. " i think i shall go out west again, dick ;" "he says after a pause and a glance at the blue shining water. " i thought you promised me that trip!" says his companion with a half smile. " well, we'll both go, and let old blount come in and look after this plaoe." "how would he like that ?" says dick "he's never happy, but when he's hundreds of miles away from everybody ; books, horses, and dogs are the only fit companions for a man, he says." " i wish i had stopped out there, and let him come in ; but the past is the past, aud we can't alter it" " i don't see how we would do any good if we could; we should probably alter it for the worse." " probably, dick ; but, one can't get into much mischief out west." dick, who has a half idea what mischief nevil has got into, refrains from replying directly, and changes the subject " the mailman came be fore i left this morning : he said that a man came up in the steamer going out to look after that country of kellet's next to yours." "did he mention his name ?' " armstrong." "hum ! wonder whether it's the same?" " same what ?" " nothing, dick ; i waa only thinking aloud. any letters ?" " i didn't open the bag, but there doesn't seem much of a mail." " let's canter on, and see what's going on in the world ;" and another quarter of an hour saw them pull up at the station. " we'd better leave our horses tied up, to give them a hand to yard the cattle when they come." " yes," returned nevil. sing out for some lunch before you come in." the mail bag was lying on tho table of the little sitting-room, which though somewhat rough was rather a model. it was only a slab house, but the presence of nothing in the room but what was good and simple compensated for the want of paint and paper. no cheap prints were pasted up on the walls, no attempts at dingy curtains and shabby ornaments. guns and pistols on the slabs, and a few good photo graphs in oxford frames; opossum rugs tossed on the two settees, and dog-skins here and there in lieu of mats under foot. there was an air of rough refinement, so to speak, about the place. nevil broke the seal and cut the string of the bag ; then tumbled the contents on the table. " two for you, and three for me, dick," he said sorting the letters; and, sitting down, pro ceeded to open them. one was in a woman's hand, and he left that till last; the first one after reading he tossed over to grattan, whose letters had consisted of two bills. the next nevil put in his pocket when perused ; the third he turned over and over and seemed half inclined to tear up unopened. at last he mustered courage and tore the envelope. it was a closely written sheet, and bore no signature; but nevil did not need that to tell the writer ; it was not the first he had received, by a good many, in the same hand. he tore it up and applied a match to the frag ments, moodily watching them burn. " blount writes in good spirits," said grattan breaking in on his reverie, and referring to the letter nevil had given him to read. "yes," returned the other half dreamily, " very good; wish mine were the same." " do you really mean to go out there ?" " don't know i'm sure; don't know what i shall do." grattan saw that his companion was put out, and remained silent until their mid-day meal was brought in. that finished, and an after-dinner pipe discussed, the sound of a whip betokened the advent of the cattle. "go on, dick ; don't wait for me, i will catch you up," said nevil. grattan went, joined the cattle, and helped to yard them; but nevil was still sitting in the same position whon he returned, staring absently at the blackened bits of paper in tho empty fireplace. he roused himself wwhen grattan entered, and said, "toss up for me, dick" " do what ?" asked the other. "toss up a coin ; i can't settle a question i am debating in my own mind, so intend leaving it to chance." dick smiled and after some search found a shilling. " if i win i'll go to brisbane, if you win we'll go west; up with it, dick ! said nevil with a careless laugh and a strange look in his eyes. " head !" he said as the coin spun up in the air. "it is !" returned grattan stooping to look at the oracle. " you've won !" "i've lost, i think," said his friend. "but never mind : it was care killed a cat, wasn't it, dick?" [to be continued]   the ipswich observer publuhe-j the following curious aud interesting piece of news, which, we presume, ia extracted from some euglish paper : -"whea the present pope was a cardinal, he chorished the idea of publishing a graud catholic journal—an organ for hia church which could be read by all the people of europe and america in their mother languages. since hia elevation to the pontificate, loo xiii. has exerted himself diligently to put his ideas of a great newspaper into practice. he has succeoied so far as to authorise the announcement that ita first num ber will be issued shortly. it will be printed in seven different languagea ; will discuss oil the political and oconomic;il u» of the day, and elh'ciilly represent the opinion* <>f tlir h-ily see. the compositors are to \k> thii dtif :w dumb boys educated in one of the asylums of the church in kome. aliinoude wil! bo r\ c go:if.i,il superintendent. the pope ia auxiutu tb.i', .t car dinal should be nt tho hoa-j of ttie c(ht->riil de partment; he otft-red th;\t position to cardinal nina, who doolinfd it. tho novel piper will start with 42,000 suohcril^rs ; very inw of thu number are italians. once fairly under wny, tho grand catholic or,»an is likoly t-> commond itself to futuro pop«e, aud becouio a permanent power »tuuog the newspapers ia the old world."       chapter xxiii maggie's secret.   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   chapter xxiii.   "maggie's secret."   by "dramingo."   life has lately become rather a burden to me why, i cannot exactly say; i am oppressed with an indescribable sense of there being something wrong. i feel sometimes as though my feathers   were too big for me or that my skin did not fit properly. i'm not aware that anybody has noticed this fact; if they have, they have had the polite ness not to mention it in my hearing. goodness me, how the time has flown, during this past year ! i wonder whether it's advancing age makes me feel so gloomy at present. nevil is down again. he's got very old-looking lately ; now if he'd just make love to clara and persuade her to marry him he'd settle down steadily and get fat, instead of wandering about in the unhappy restless fashion he's been doing lately. i much wonder how mrs. bloomington came to marry her present lord and master. they were here together the other day, and i watched them curiously. you never saw any woman look with such contempt at a man as she did at her precious husband, when she thought no one was looking. bloomington has told that story about rescuing me so often that i am sure he firmly believes it himself ; he told it all over again for his wife's edification apropos of my being in the room ; i think there were a few fancy touches added since the last time i heard it. mrs. bloomington had a little girl with her yesterday; i made friends with her, though clara warned her several times to look out that i did not bite her. save me from my friends! jack came home whilst they were here, and mrs. bloomington at once laid herself out to captivate him. i'm certain of it; i was watch ing them, although i pretended to be playing with the little girl. i was watching blooming ton as well; that man's as jealous as ever he can be. why he got on pins and needles at once ; and, as for that old fool jack, he was flattered up to the top of his bent; quite bamboozed, if   you'll allow the expression. i must say that when mrs. blooziington does exert henelf to please, she's very nice, very taxing—for a man. but i should imagine that for another woman to look on and watch her would call forth, more angry passions than ever dr. watts thought about if the lady in question came across a newly married couple half-way through the honeymoon i can easily fancy the bride retiring early, and thinking, with tears, of her mamma. why she even tried to circumvent me! " take care ; he'll bite " said clara in alarm when she saw her extend an outstretched finger for me to perch on. "he won't bite me, will you maggie?" she replied ; and she was right, i wouldn't i hopped on to her finger, and a very well made band it was ; and her gloves were a miracle of a fit. then it was that bloomington commenced his silly old twice- told tale of rescuing me at the peril of his life; and his wife treated the narrative with marked disdain, and poor clare had to listen to it throughout. yes, jack's an old fool; he could do nothing else but talk about her ladyship all the evening ; what lovely eyes she had ! and such a charming manner ! such an exceptional sort of woman altogether; and all this because she had looked earnestly at him when he was speaking, as though every syllable of his conver sation was of inestimable value; had smiled with a look as much as to say, "this smile is reserved especially for you," when she shook hands with him : had in short made another deluded victim of him. i repeat it: jack's an old fool in the course of a long and extended period of observation, i have noticed nothing so much as the ease with which a woman can make a fool of a man. talk about a woman's vanity, it's nothing compared to a man's; only that nature in her wisdom has provided a compensation, i don't know how it would end. that compensation is that where a woman particularly wants to please ; where her heart is in it; there she fails : a strange instinct seems to warn the intended victim. she lets the secret out, betrays how much her feelings are interested; and, presto ! her influence is gone at once; she may have every other man of her acquaintance at her feet, but not the one she wants. no, he's found out his power and after the fashion of his kind presumes upon it, at once. i oan quite imagine mrs. bloomington keeping four hundred and forty five men in a state of abject slavery and admiration, and failing utterly with the four hundred and forty-sixth—simply because she liked him, and didn't care twopence for the rest. yes, there's a good deal of poetical justice in this world if people only know it; i'm an embodiment of it myself. " have you heard the news!" cried the bouncer, waltzing into the room like a substantial whirl wind, this morning. no ! we had not heard any particular news, and we, or rather clara, intimated as much. from the tone of agatha's voice i that war had broken out between queensland and new south wales at the very least : "mrs. duncraigie's going to give a garden party ; lawn tennis, and croquet for those who prefer it" " i did not know that mrs. duncraigie had a garden big enough to play lawn tennis in" said clara, who did not seem much excited at the in formation. " o yes, clara, the lawn at the back of the house, you know." '" the paddock?" suggested clara. " well, but if they call it a lawn," sald agatha, " why, in the name of fortune, can't you call it so!" "because it is a paddock, and not a bit like a lawn, and never was meant for one." "and i suppose you would tell mrs. duncraigie she was not a bit like a lady, and never was meant for one, if you were asked ?" " no, i'd only think that; but i wouldn't call her paddock a paddock to anybody but you ; i'll call it a park if she likes." " but it's sure to be great fun ; because she's going to ask everybody she knows ; so you must come, clara." "i'll go if jack goes." " 0, he'll go, and mr. nevil of course." " why of course!" " i don't know, only he's always with jack, so if one goes i suppose the other will." "and when is this asking of everybody to come off?" "on saturday. i'm going to wear the same dress as laura shingly." laura was the bouncer's latest friend and was a very thin girl; low people might call her scraggy. i noticed the bouncer generally selects angular girls for her intimate friends." it was saturday. i was perched on the roof of a building that might be called a shed, a stable, or a coach-house; mrs. duncraigie preferred the latter and always spoke of it as the coach-house ; it didn't put anything on to the rent, so she was justified in doing it. i cannot say that the lawn was well adapted for the purpose of a garden party. in the first place it commanded a view of the back of the house, and of all the neighboring houses. in the next place we—l am i think justified in saying we—had as spectators all the available servant girls belonging to the aforesaid houses, including mrs. dun craigie'a peculiar retinue; and the grass had not received that care and attention that a croquet ground requires. mrs. duncraigie'a idea of a garden party was somewhat wild ; she had, i think, a notion that it was a sort of savage revel, with occasional war dances, in the shape of games ; that stimulants in the guise of strong drink were required to keep everybody up to concert-pitch; and that her duty as hostess consisted in asking all her guests in turn why they did not play something, as though they were musicians hired for the occasion ; also in citing weak-minded young men to rush round with bottles and glasses, urging the ladies present to imbibe. clara and mrs. mortmain were offered in rapid succession brandy (pale and dark), claret, lemonade, beer, and a mysterious fluid in a black bottle which jack smelt and pro- nounced rum. but in spite of all these cheering beverages the   games drooped somewhat true, mra. dun craigie had provided the necessary implements to play lawn-tennis, but she had neglected to have the ground marked out, and nobody seemed possessed of sufficient energy to attempt to do it. in spite of a painfully new dress very tight under the arms, i could see that the poor woman was uncomfortable. at last mrs. mortmain, who is good nature itself, started jack and nevil getting things under way a little ; and, thus infusing some spirit into the others, mrs. duncraigie had soon the satis faction of seeing a fair proportion of her guests apparently amusing themselves. i noticed that a good many, amongst whom were mrs. mortmain and clara, left after indulg ing in the dissipation of one game. jack stopped behind on agatha's account, who was in the thick of the fray, and seemingly in great form. the defection of some of the guests rather im proved the state of affairs, and a marked im provement in the spirit of the meeting was visible, bloomington and mrs. bloomington re mained, she looking highly bored. duncraigie is a member of the house, and bloomington, as a rising politician, an aspirant for office, was anxious not to offend him, so he was making himself conspicuous in the midst of the giddy throng. his wife, nevil, and jack strolled over my way, and stood watching the players. " a wicked idea has come into my head," said jack; " the fact is that my system stands in need of tobacco ; now if i start smoking, almost all the other men will slip away on one pretence or another to have a pipe ; and the fast and furious revelry now going on will receive a sudden check. will you cloak my sin, mrs. bloomington ?" " certainly, but how ? i can't smoke for you." "no ! but if you and davy allow me to drop behind you, i think i could, unnoticed, taste the fragrant weed." " i wonder," said jack, when the desired am bush had been executed, and he was puffing con tentedly at a cheroot, " why we submit to be made unhappy in this way. i had no desire to inspect the least presentable portion of mrs. duncraigie's residence ; to see the family linen of her next door neighbor fluttering in the breeze; to notice that her cook has only got one eye. why, i ask, does she insist upon parading these domestic incidents — there—look there! by jove! i thought that kid was coming to grief out of the window ; the girl just caught him in time; now she's smacking him. i didn't come here to see mrs. duncraigie's youngest born chastised, did you davy ?" "no, my dear fellow; nor would i have noticed it if you had not drawn public attention to the fact. i suppose you were so constantly getting punished yourself when young that you are instinctively led to look at the spectacle, even now in your abandoned middle age." "abuse is no answer to my question. mrs. bloomington, why did you come here! it's a poor compliment to nevil and myself to say so, but you look frightfully bored." "do i! well, i came here because my hus band wanted to come ; and i heard that mrs. duncraigie said all manner of ill-natured things about me." "yes, very good reasons ; but the worst of it is that you did not come to enjoy yourself. i came because my sisters came ; why did you oome, nevil ?" "because you did,l suppose; i don't know any other reason." " don't make me responsible for your follies ; my own are more than enough. now i've a proposition to make : we none of us are enjoying ourselves, the shades of evening are coming on apace; i have finished my cheroot, and am under an everlasting debt of gratitude to you for your sheltering presence, mrs. bloomington ; i there fore propose you come home and dine with us ; that is if you have your husband sufficiently under control to make him tear himself away from this too fascinating scene." " i think so, mr. danten ; we'll see : i believe i'll get him away quicker than you will your sister." "yes, i won't gainsay that; but will you commission me to go and request his attendance on your behalf!" "certainly." " you come of course," said mrs. bloomington to nevil when jack left "of course!" returned he. "do you remember," she went on, "that i once told you i should dislike your friend !" " i do ; and what has been the result ?" "that i was wrong. i like him ; but it is against my better judgment ; he'll be my enemy yet" at this moment i saw jack returning with the bouncer and bloomington. nevil and mrs. bloomington walked towards them, and they all left together. now was not that a smart trick of master jack's ? he knew mrs. mortmain had gone home with clara, and that if he could take somebody home to dinner he could persuade the widow to stop as well. artful dog ! i stayed for about ten minutes, after my people were gone. i should have stayed longer i think, for mrs. duncraigie's strong liquor was be ginning to make the play very wild, and it was possible that there would be some fun shortly, but i was disappointed. one gentle man was very anxious to obtain a pitchfork, so that with the aid of a tennis net he could ex emplify an old style of combat used in the arena of ancient rome ; but the difficulty of finding an adversary stopped him : nobody would come forward and be transfixed, for the fun of the thing; so i went home. the house was sitting, and after dinner bloomington left for it, promising to call for his wife as he returned. no one regretted his de parture ; at least i saw no tears shed. we had a very jolly evening. mrs. bloomington seemed to wake up in a most unexpected manner so soon as her husband was gone. the bouncer treated us to selections from various popular songs of the time, revelling in the weakly sentimental words they are couched in; dwelling patheti cally upon her lost love, her own love, and her love who loved her so ; until you'd think the dear girl was on the point of expiring of a broken heart i felt quite sorry for her. ten o'clock, and no bloomington ; half-past, and james came home. he informed us that there was a party fight on about a clause in the pastoral leases act, and that the house would not rise for aome time.   "then i shall not wait," said our member's wife, looking rather relieved. mrs. mortmain expressed a like intention ; and, with jack and nevil for an escort, they left. james threw him self dejectedly into a chair : " why was i born ?" he demanded ruefully. " why were you not home to dinner ?" said clara. " because i had no appetite," returned james moodily. " good gracious, what's the matter?" said the bouncer. james shook his head, but preserved a solemn silence. " another love-fit ?" suggested clara. still james shook his head, and refused to be comforted. " had a tooth out ?" said agatha. another shake. " lost at billiards ?" remarked clara. james nodded at this. "ah ! i thought so ; now this time i'll really tell jack." " you won't," said james ; " it's not much ; but, don't tell him, clara, there's a good girl" at this moment a cab drove up. " i'll go and see who it is," cried james, with sudden alacrity, and he hastened out of the room and was away for nearly a quarter of an hour. "it was bloom ington," he said when he came back ; " called to see if his wife had gone home ; that clause in the new bill has been thrown out; government de feated on it by a majority of six ; bloomington says they'll have to go out soon." " extremely interesting," returned clara; " now how much money did you lose ?" "none; i was only joking, really; good-night!" and he hurried away. " he has lost some i'm sure," said clara to her sister. the bouncer paused thoughtfully; " yes, he has lost some ; but he's got the money to pay for it, since he came home." " where ?" asked clara in surprise. " why from mr. bloomington of course, when he went out to the cab just now." " i'll tell jack at once," said clara indignantly as she left the room. chapter xxiv. up at sedgemoor, a new manager has replaced dunwick, who was nothing loth to deliver over his charge to a successor, and hasten to more con genial occupations. at the present moment he is in brisbane poring for the hundreth time over a manuscript that he believes at last to contain a true interpretation of the diary. as nevil said, he finds himself as far off as ever ; for the range of coast line where the adventurers may have landed is a wide one, and there is little or no clue to guide one to the particular spot of disembark ation, and on a settlement of this question hangs all hope of tracing their course. the diary that has been at last slowly puzzled out reads as follows from the point where nevil heard it broken off:— " gervais and i travelled for many days down the river, until at last it was joined by a larger one coming out of a rough range that lay to the westward ; this range we succeeded in crossing, and got once more on to the river, now much smaller; but we travelled on its waters for nearly two weeks, meeting with many natives, all of whom avoided our approach. we obtained fish from the river, which helped us greatly to pre serve our strength; although gervais was getting very weak and languid, and often tried to dis suade me from going on, saying it would be better to remain with the natives for the rest of our lives ; but as long as i had strength left i meant to keep on. at length the country got so rough and mountainous that we turned up a creek that joined the river from the south, and this brought us, after many days travelling, on to large plains covered with stones ; and here gervais declared he would not go on. i tried to persuade him tbat we should find better country further on, but he was resolute, saying that we had got to the end of the world, and that we should find nothing but a desert on ahead. in truth, since leaving the river we had fared very badly for food, and were both very faint and weak on such a scanty supply of game as we could pick up. i consented to stop with the first tribe ot natives we could make friends with, hoping that if gervais got stronger he would agree to proceed. we found some natives encamped at a small pool of water, but they all fled, excepting one very old man with white beard and hair, who was too feeble to run away fast. we kept him, and at last through his aid induced the others to return. they were but a few, and very much straitened for food ; in fact little better off than ourselves. they made us understand that they were going back towards the river we had left, where there was a supply of fish ; and on this gervaise, much to my sorrow, determined to turn back with them. i accompanied him, for i could not bring myself to leave my only companion in this strange country ; but, alas, my trouble on that score was soon ended, for on the second day of our march gervais was bitten by a deadly snake, and died. the natives seemed as much grieved as i was over this misfortune, and the women cut themselves with sharp stones and made great lamentation. i have marked the spot where gervais died with a cross on the chart, and in the ravines on the side of the mountain close there where i picked up a small bit of gold there is a star marked. now being quite by myself, and caring nothing at all for life saving to get back to my own people, i left the natives and retraced my steps. i had tried to find out from these poor savages what the country was like whereto i was making, but could not get them to understand me at all, only at last the same old man who had stayed behind when we first found the tribe sat down on the ground and pointed at the sun ; then he threw his arms round about and fell back as though he was killed; but what he meant i could not conceive. then i left the savages, and as when gervais died so they all cried out when i went away ; which seems a foolish habit they indulge in for little cause. i now suffered great hardship, preserving only my life and this record of my travels . i cannot recall how many days passed until i found myself in a part of the land where there were no trees. at first i thought i was coming into a more civilised nation; indeed that was my great hope all along ; but i was greatly disappointed, for there seemed no inhabitants at all in it; even the   strange creatures that puzzled qervais and me so at first, because they sat upright like men, had all disappeared, and the loneliness was so great that at times i went mad, and talked aloud to—as i thought—gervais, who seemed still to be travelling with me. then, too, i found out what the old native meant by his signs, for the sun was so powerful on these plains that i could not walk far without resting, and there was no shade to rest under. fortunately—or un fortunately, for it had been better that i had died—l was following along the bank of a river that ran to the westward, or i should have very soon perished ; but i got shell-fish in the water, and often killed a strange sort of duck that whistled when it flew up. one day, however, this river suddenly disappeared, or rather the channel of it, for there were nothing but ponds of water here and there in it, and sometimes for many miles the bed was quite dry. but this day i walked on, and lost sight of everything ; for generally i knew the river because it was only there that any trees grew. that day i could not see it; and at last must have lost my senses, for i remember nothing more ; only when i came round i found myself in an en campment of natives. they were taller stouter men than the ones i had last seen, but all their habits were the same, and i now began to despair of ever getting amongst a more highly civilised people. these savages, like the others, were friendly and kind. afterwards when i got to understand them i made out that they had found me lying out on the plain, and carried me in to the water. i lived with this tribe for some months, and when i left them i joined another, whose hunting ground was still further to the westward. i found that this was the best way to get on ; and, having taught the natives many useful little arts, i was treated by them with great respect. i find that l am losing my know ledge of my own tongue ; so i inscribe here the length of my present period of residence in this land: i have i think been here now nearly three years. i inscribe here for the use of any one who may possibly find this (for i still hope, though why i know not) that two days' journey westward of this river, in a low forest where there is much prickly grass, there is a ridge of rough stones ; in several places, mixed with these stones there are opals, and some of great value. the river we are camped on runs north and south through large plains. i have marked our encampment on the chart with a star. to-morrow we leave to go westward; it is one year since i last wrote in this record. they tell me we shall see the sea soon. i have found gold in these hills ; two years have gone. have lost words, trees, water; still no ships. years, years. remember this: two rocks, two peaks, two creeks. our father; lost, lost" this, after weary corrections and punctuations, was the substance of the diary that had become the fetish of dunwick's life. nevil had agreed to assist him with money to carry out the re search, but pointed out the utter want of clue there was, save by the guess that port essington was the spot on the coast the narrator finally reached to die. in another part of the town, at the time dun wick was striving to gain more light by a fresh perusal of the manuscript, nevil was reading a letter from the far west: " dear davy,—you can't expect any news from this part of the world; and having stated that everything is right, including yours truly, you may consider i have told you all there is to tell barring the following adventure:—you remem ber a mad letter you wrote to me twelve months ago, enquiring impertinently into my private an cestral history; after that you were more explicit, and told me a yarn about gold, opals, and bold buccaneers that made my mouth water with envy at the idea of your living amongst such excite ment—whilst all i have to do is to register the height of the thermometer. well, to proceed : armstrong, black's new manager—who is a very decent fellow ; what we call a white man, out here—and i had agreed for a little trip to the westward, just to kill time. we had our little trip, and although it was not such a close shave as it was before, the time kellet went under, still we had a dry time. we got into the sweetest thing in deserts you ever dreamt of. nothing but spinifex and stunted blood wood for ever. we saw smokes, but i'll be shot if we could find them. at last, when things were looking very blue, armstrong caught sight of an old gin, and we made her captive of our bow and spear. after much trouble we made her understand what was wanted, and she took us to a little bit of a well that they had dug in the bed of a shallow kind of watercourse that ran for about a hundred yards, but had neither beginning nor end to it; or rather it had both, but you couldn't see them. this precious supply was enough to save our horses, though watering them was an operation that took a couple of hours, for the water came in so slowly. we tried to deepen the hole, but got down on to pipeclay at once, and desisted. this well in the desert supported a family of about eight blacks, and i am afraid we rather used up about two weeks' supply ; but i suppose they know where to find more, being in habitants of that happy region. it was about 6 o'clock when we were ready to go on, and we determined to make a bee-line back to the river, and ride all night. about midnight, as we'd made good progress, we agreed to give the horses a couple of hour's spell, just to rest them, for we were still in the spinifex and there was nothing for them to eat. it was a stony place we camped in, and armstrong struck a match to clear the stones a little away so that we could lie down. he lit a tussock of spinifex, and it blazed up brightly. whilst raking the stones away from my couch, i thought i saw something sparkle; i picked it up, and looking at it thought it was a piece of sandstone mixed with some other white stone or other ; and, as a fellow does, without thinking, put it in my pouch, and thought no more about it. we got in to the river the next day, and after a good drink i naturally wanted a smoke. taking my pipe out of my pouch i felt the stone i had put there : i took it out; and it was an opal! that beats your old buccaneer, my boy. i send   it you per post, and you can get it made up and present to your last weakness; only remember it's an unlucky present. it's a beautiful stone ; did you ever see such rich tawny fire ? it looks as though it was alive sometimes. l am not at all confident of finding the place again, nor is arm strong. we could both go within a quarter of a mile of it; but in that low spinifex forest you might go within fifty yards of a place and pass it, for it was a dark night and we could not mark anything, nor of course thought of doing so. added to which we travelled very unequally coming in to the river, so the distance is un certain to within a mile or so. of course we could have followed our tracks back the next morning, but our horses were too much done up, and by this time the tracks are out, for most of the desert country was nearly bare sandstone rock. however, we'll have a shot at it, old man, when you come out; meantime enjoy yourself, and don't get into more scrapes than you can help; for, remember, i'm not there to help you out of them. cattle of course are too fat for anything, horses the same, men just the reverse. send out plenty of papers, journals, and any read able books you can get hold of.—yours as ever, — felix j. blount." [to be continued.]       chapter xxv maggie's secret.   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   chapter xxv.   "maggie's secret."   by "dramingo."   i'll be even with james yet; see if i don't! he assaulted me this morning in the most cowardly manner, when i was asleep and dreaming of the past—of my old life amongst the tree   tops, and out in the fresh bright air ; not in stuffy stupid brisbane. i'm seriously thinking of casting off the trammels of civilisation and going back to liberty and the bush—going back to end my days afar from the gaze of men. i'm horribly disgusted with men and women. i hate and despise the race ; hypocrites, time-serving sycophants, tellers of untruths, and ever ready to bear false witness against each other. only for the grief my absence would cause to a few amongst you, i would shake the dust from my wings and hie me away to the wflderness. good gracious me! if you'd only act honestly and straightforwardly, how much better off you would be ! but no, not the shadow of candour is there amongst the best of you. there's nevil now, he's just inclined to wake up—has awoke, in fact to the manifold virtues and excellence of my little girl clara, and what does she do ! avoids him, looks coldly on him, doesn't give him a scrap ol encouragement, and in fact drives him—and i say it at all risks for i've watched and notioed—straight into mrs. bloomington's sway. probably i'm an ass, not a magpie at all but i'm of the opinion that the only man clara danten would care to listen to is nevil, and now —now that he shows signs of awakening to the knowledge of the prize he is neglecting, wring my neck if she doesn't show him the cold shoulder. o, i'm sick of you ail supposing people do talk of the way he is always dancing attendance on mrs. bloomington, clara would soon wean him of that; but no, she holds off, and he gets sulky, and everything is at sixes and sevens and i'm powerless to put things straight. i took a short excursion yesterday and came home by queen-street. none of you have been a long way up in the air, and had a bird's-eye view of it, i suppose. you just should; if it didn't take the conceit out of you i don't know what would. shall i tell you what happens :—first of all brisbane seems to run up together as though it was frightened at being looked at; and all the hills get as flat as possible. then when you look down you see apparently a lot of galvanised iron thrown about in squares, with dark lines be tween them ; and on these lines a lot of awkward insignificant insects moving about this is what an eagle-hawk told me ; i never went up so high myself—on to a house-top contents me. i was sitting on a house-top yesterday looking at the people and thinking how much better they'd get on if they could fly; they wouldn't have to hold up their tail-feathers with one hand as they do now ; and think what a saving it would be in cabs ! as i sat on the parapet meditating thus, i saw bloomington, mrs. bloomington, her little cousin, and our dear bouncer coming ; they stopped for a second just opposite to where i was and then the ladies entered the shop underneath me, and bloomington went on alone. a cab came down about five minutes afterwards, and an unfortunate boy miscalculated his distance and got knocked down. he was not much hurt, but he set up a terrible howling, and his face was a little cut; so some sympathising bystanders carried him into a chemist's shop—the very shop the ladies were in. i flew down to see the fun and was just in time to witness the bouncer sub side with a shriek into a glass-case of tooth brushes ; poor dear nervous creature! mrs bloomington cast one contemptuous glance at her companion, then turned to the man who was carrying the boy's head and shoulders. " what's the matter with the boy?" she asked. "horful accident, mum;" he returned; "'spect he's got every blessed bone broken." " put him down on his feet and see," she said. the man immediately lowered his part of the burden, which, as the other assistant retained his   half at the same height, resulted in the patient being put on his head instead of hie feet. this mistake being rectified, the boy with many groans stood up unassisted, and the bouncer got out of the glassl-case and asked the chemist for some smelling salts. " the child's not hurt; why a big boy like you should be ashamed to make such a fuss. your face is a little bruised, that's all," mrs. blooinington said, approaching the point of her shapely gloved finger to within an inch of a mix ture of mud and blood on the urchin's cheek ; " run home and get your face washed." the stragglers that the incident had collected dispersed disappointedly, and the chemist rubbed his hands slowly as he hovered around the bouncer, who was still a little hysterical. " i really think," she said to her friend, "that i should die at once if i saw anybody actually seriously hurt." " yes. what a lucky thing, then, that all women are not like you ! i don't know what it is to feel nervous ; i could hold you whilst a surgeon cut your arm off, if it was required." " what a horrid idea;!" exclaimed agatha, giving a faint shriek and a frightened look at her companion : and with a farewell sniff at the salts they were bowed out by the chemist. the people in the street were reading the evening paper which had just been issued, and when my attention was directed to things in general, after the little incident just narrated, i could make out that the principal topic of con versation was the announcement of the fact that the leader of the opposition had given notice that on a certain date he intended to move that the then existing government had not the confidence of the house. the street politicians had the names of the coming ministry quite pat already, and i heard bloomington mentioned several times as being likely to take office, in the event of his party being successful i began to think that i should experience a kind of reflected glory as being the magpie who knew a member of the queensland ministry ; and i fell to think ing of that small sheep-station, and the green eyed satiny-whiskered shepherd who had a dog called bailey, and i could have laughed, " sans intermission, an hour by the dial." i felt in a cynical mood after this, and i got on to a verandah and watched the passers by, and thought how all was vanity and vexation of spirit. now, i thought, "me" dear friend bloom ington is approaching the climax of his ambition ; he's becoming a marked man in this small section of the world ; he's got a splendidly handsome woman for a wife ; he's rich, and of a shrewd disposition that's likely to increase his wealth ; he lacks certainly a few essentials in the matter of breeding end education, but he's managed to supply the deficiency passably well; he's not worse than the general run in that respect ; altogether he's a lucky man ; and as i arrived at that conclusion mrs. bloomington passed beneath my ken once more, walking slowly up the street with nevil. yes, he's a very lucky man, i re- pealed to myself as i flew home. when i got back james was just going into the home, and he dropped a letter he'd been read ing. i picked it up and hopped behind a rose bush. james turned back immediately he missed the note, but he didn't see me, and he hunted and searched in vain, having at last to go in with out it. ' i took the note up carefully to jack's room, and put it on his table. i did not know what it was about, but in a general kind of way i knew that it must be something james did not want his brother to see, so i thought that would perhaps make us quits for the morning. as i anticipated, nevil came home to dinner, and there was of course great talk about the ex pected change in the ministry ; an approaching ball, also, was one of the topics, but the interest in that seemed languid, languid in the extreme. james had another unsuccessful hunt for the lost note (evidently, there's something in it; i'm glad i put it up in jack's room). jack didn't notice it when he went to his room before dinner ; but afterwards they were going to a concert or some sort of mild dissipation, and then jack found it.   i recall that scene with horror. i've known jack for i should not like to say how many years, and have never seen him lose his temper. i've heard him swear like a trooper in a drafting yard ; i've known him take the law into his own hands with a refractory shearer; and i've seen him get three falls in succession and mount again with undisturbed good humor the fourth time ; but this was nothing like what had ever happened before. agatha went away and hid herself ; clara was as white as a sheet, but she kept close to jack and held his arm with her soft little hand, and nevil looked mighty uncomfortable, as though he was out of place and knew it. mrs. danten was in her room (as usual now), the others were all in the drawing-room, the girls with their hats on, ready to start. jack alone was waited for ; he came. directly he entered the room i and everybody— for we all knew him so well—felt that some thing unprecedented had happened; something that made jack's eyes gleam and sparkle like coals ; that made his face look twice as old as usual, and caused his voice, that no danger could have made falter, to sound harsh and unnatural. he walked straight up to james, and said, as he held out the note that i recognised, " i need not ask if that's yours ; the name is unfortunately in full at the bottom." james cast one look at his brother, and then subsided ; seemed to vanish, leaving nothing but his clothes behind. i think he meant to bluster a bit at the start, but if so the notion vanished with one look at jack's face ; even i felt frightened ! "davy," said jack, "you are such an old friend that i cannot help saying what i have to say before you ; and that is that i wish that boy —my brother—had died years ago rather than he had lived to do what this letter tells me he has done. by heaven ! if i had known that this could have happened i would have killed him myself." it was at this that agatha fled, and clara went up to jack and passed her hand through his arm, as though she thought he might carry his awful threat into execution then and there. it was a scene i never want to witness again; a man whom you have always looked upon as a being a little above human weakness and passion to suddenly change his nature, and show what he   could be under the unchecked influence of anger, it a startling sight to see. nevil leant against the mantelpiece looking admiringly at clara as with a pale frightened face she gazed up at her brother's face. jack turned to her : " clara, leave us for a while." " no, let me stay, jack," she pleaded. he took her face between his hands and stooped and kissed her tenderly. " go, dear," he said, "you can trust me." she turned away with a half sob, and as she passed james put her hand pityingly on his bowed head. poor little girl ! she had no idea what had happened ; but it must have been something terrible, she knew, to have so changed the brother who had nursed her as a baby and petted her as a child, without ever being unjust or unkind. nevil stepped forward and opened the door for her. she gave him an imploring glance, as if to ask him to intercede for poor james, and then the door closed and only the three men were in the room. " read that, davy," said jack, giving him the note ; " don't let any false delicacy stop you ; it is right you should know." nevil read it. james had thrown himself back in his chair and sullenly folded his arms. "do you understand it, can you guess what this boy has made himself accomplice to ?" asked jack. " surely not so bad as that, jack ?" said nevil, looking half scared at his companion. " it matters little whether it is as criminal as appears on the surfuce, or whether the crime stops short of infringing the law ; his share in it" (pointing at his brother, who was doggedly silent) "is the same, equally despicable, aye, even almost worse in the latter case than the former." " i can say nothing in his defence, jack ; only spare him this before me : talk to him by your self."   there was a long and painful pause ; then jack spoke : " will you promise me not to leave the house to-night, and to go to your room now ?" he said addressing his brother. " yes !" said james, in a voice that seemed strangely harsh. jack looked at the door, and the younger brother rose and passed out. "we must go on now," said nevil ; " but what will it lead to ? can you see the end, old friend ? i fear to think." " i see," said jack, not looking at his friend, but absently in front of him," a boy—naturally inclined to be weak and vicious—fall into the companionship of a treacherous scoundrel who taken advantage of his silly propensities to get him into his power, to make him do his dirty work—who makes him a liar, a hypocrite, and, worse, a skulking go- between betwixt his victim and himself; and that boy is my brother. shall i stop when i can run him down! no ; i know what you will urge, davy, but it would only be cruel kindness ; for the blow must come some day, and i think it should come from me." but we must trace this out, we must have time ; and we must still keep up appearances. i believe you are right, and, if it proves to be the worst, why after all it is better now than in the future ; but think, sleep on it." ''and what shall i do with this wretched boy ?" " send him up to my place. grattan will see to him ; he can't do much mischief there." at this moment the door opened, and clara stole in. "0, jack dear, what is the matter ? what has he done ?" she cried going up to her brother. " nothing, my girl, that i can tell you," he re plied stroking her hair fondly. " but do! perhaps it's my fault, if it's about money ; for he lost some the other night, and i threatened to tell you, but i didn't, and i'm so sorry now, for it might have stopped all this." " money is the least part of it; davy can tell you that too ; and also that you cannot kuow now how dishonorably he has acted." " jack is quite right, miss danten ; you are better in ignorance," said nevil in reply to her enquiring look. " but james is dreadful; when i spoke to him, as he went upstairs, he almost struck me ; what can it be ?" "there, never mind; i'm going to send him for a trip up north, so you'll have to get his things ready ; the steamer starts the day after to-morrow." " o, jack, you don't mean it—so suddenly ?" " i mean it, and it's for his good. there, think as little of it as possible ; we'll put off the concert to-night, and i'll go up and speak to james alone. wait tor me, davy." an awkward silence ensued after jack's de parture. " it's terrible to be in the dark when you know something has happened," said clara at last, with the persistence of her sex. " cannot you really tell me, mr. nevil ?" she went on half coax ingly. " i can only tell you this much," he returned, " that your brother has not in any way trans gressed the law ; it is the unwritten code that he has infringed upon ; and it has been that that has wounded jack so sorely." " and, whatever it is, you will try and make jack think as leniently as he can of it; james is very young ; you will, mr. nevil ?" pleaded the pretty peacemaker. i wouldn't swear she added " for my sake ;" but nevil looked as pleased as though she had. did jack come back too soon ? l am half in clined to think he did ; but at any rate l am certain that a much better understanding was established between those two that evening than had ever existed before jack went out with nevil ; that clara looked the least bit self conscious when nevil shook hands with her i am not prepared to state ; but that she had found her color again, and looked the prettiest little girl to be seen in thn colony, i will maintain on oath before a jury of magpies. i went to roost, and thought of " what great events from little causes spring" : if james had not assaulted me this morning i should never have stolen that note, and there would have been none of this row. never mind; bloomington is a very lucky man.   chaptir xxvi. " gentleman been here to see you, sir," said the waiter to nevil as he entered the building that credulous fancy and a brisbane publican called a hotel.   " didn't be leave a card or a name?" "yes, sir ;" and the waiter triumphantly pro duced a pasteboard with dunwick's name thereon and a pencil memo. attached stating that the owner of the name would call again at about 11 o'clock that night. it was half-past 10 then, and before the appointed time dunwick appeared. " you read blount's letter ?"' said nevil after the first greetings had passed. " i did, and have made up my mind to go out at once ; provided of course you agree to my using the information, as you seemed to indicate when you gave it me to read." " only for am unfortunate occurrence i would accompany you ; when will you start—by the first steamer ?" " yep, the day after to-morrow." " i'll give you a letter to grattan, telling him to find you in horses, and a man. to blount i have already written, and explained matters." " by the way," said dunwick with apparent carelessness, " do you know who this armstrong is he speaks of ?" " i have some sort of an idea, but although i have heard of him before we have never met to my knowledge or remembrance. you'll call again before you start, i suppose," said nevil as his visitor was leaving ; " and by the way you can do me a favor. there's a youngster called danten going up to riversdale in the same steamer as you are ; will you give an eye to him as much as possible ? he's inclined to kick over the traces somewhat." " certainly, as far as is in my power ; i'm eminently adapted to be a guide to erring youth good night !" nevil went up to his bedroom, and threw him self without undressing upon his bed. affairs in general seemed to be getting complicated ; and he looked absently at his rather comfortless sur rouudings, in the vain hope of obtaining a happy idea that would show him a way out of his difficulties. a well-developed cockroach cleaning his face with his forelegs, and staring at nevil over the edge of the candlestick suggested nothing. the dressing-table, with its character istic litter of old letters, brushes, cigars, neck ties, and studs, had no inspiration to ofter; and the contemplation of two pairs of boots on the floor afforded him little satisfaotion. he closed his eyes, but all his fancy could conjure up was a pretty girlish face that he had known so long and got so accustomed to that it astonished him to find himself thinking that it was pretty. then that vanished before the vision of a pair of warm dark, eyes that only softened to him, though now they seemed to have a reproachful look in their depths : and so he passed into dreamland and sleep. - - ' — the candle on the table lived out its short life, flickered and wavered, throwing ghastly fantastic shadows on the walls and floor, then 'sank into its socket and left the room in darkness; but nevil slept on until the post office clock struck 2 ; then he suddenly awoke. "bad habit, going to sleep like this* he muttered, as he kicked his boots viciously out side his door, making so much noise that his next neighbor demanded' if it was a fire. " candle burnt out, too ; i'll set some house on fire some day. everybody in bed i suppose ; i'll have to go and steal a candle from some body's room." the first door he tried was locked, and an indignant voioe called out to know what was wanted. "only wanted to know how you were," returned nevil kindly as he beat a hasty retreat, for it suddenly struck him that it was a room sacred to married people he had almost invaded. the next attempt would have been a success only for the simple reason that the occupant had followed his example and gone to sleep leaving the candle burning. the next door he tried admitted him into a room that appeared empty ; but upon his striking a match a voice from the bed called out to know who the devil that was. " i only want the loan of your candle, if you've no further use for it," returned nevil lighting the article in question, and turning towards the speaker. "hum!" said the other, " all right," and turned sleepily round. " i may think myself deuced lucky to get back without getting my head punched," thought nevil as he entered his room again ; " trust there will be nothing missing in the morning or i shall be accused of taking it. good heavens t" the last exclamation was caused by the fact becoming patent to him that he had either mistaken his room or somebody else had her's, for a girl was standing by the dressing table who put her finger on her lips warningly, as he stopped in some sligbt confusion. the girl was bell, or her ghost, and it was evident that she had something to say to him. " bell ! how did you come here?" he said in an undertone after he had shut the door. " i am a housemaid here now," she replied : " i have been watching all night to speak to you, but your boots were not outside your door, so i thought you had not come home. then i heard you come out, but you did not hear me, and i was frightened to call loud." " what is it you want to see me about, bell; won't it wait till the morning?" " i might not have an opportunity in the morning, and i have a lot to say." " well, sit down," said nevil. " i suppose," said the girl after a little hesita tion, " mr. danten told you of our last inter view ?" nevil nodded. "he said then," she went on, " that although you and he would not assist me in finding out anything about that wretch bloomington, still if i wanted money help you would either of you give it me. i wrote to mr. danten six weeks ago asking him for some money to pay my passage to melbourne and back but he never answered it" "he could not have received it; jack would keep his word to his worst enemy." "i wrote again, and got no answer. both letters could scarcely have miscarried." " were they addressed to his private house or to the office ?" *' to his own house." " what sort of a fist do you write. bell, good or bad?" " "tolerably good." " would you mind writing down mr. danten's address, in your usual hand, just as you addressed those letters ? i think i know where they have gone to. you'll find pencil and paper there some where." the girl did as he said, and handed it to him. "now go on."   " i saw mr. danten once in the street, but there were some ladies with him, to of course i could not speak to him. then i thought it was no good writing again—that he did not want to be mixed up in it any more, or had forgotten me; and i was very hard up, so could not go down to melbourne as i wanted. i got a situation in a private family, and then saw the advertisement of this place ; so as i remembered you generally stayed here i applied for it, and left the one i was then in. it was only a chance, i knew, but it has turned up trumps." " when did you enter this great establishment "yesterday afternoon; and a steamer leaves to morrow morning; that was why i was in such a hurry to see you." " and now we come to the question : that you want some money to go to melbourne ; will it be rude if i ask why you want to go i" "i was going to tell you t i heard that my sister was there, or was last seen there." "well, it's a singular coincidence your turn ing up to night; for mr. danten and i have found out something that has made us reconsider our former decision. now we'll make an agree ment: if i find you in money for this purpose, will you promise not to stir a step without con sulting us, to tell us everything you find out, and to act only by our directions ?" "i will," sald the girl earnestly, "provided you assure me that you will not spare him when the time comes." " it's a bargain then," returned nevil; " we'll shake hands on it, bell. what a deal of mis directed energy there is in your character ! i wonder you have not been hanged before this : you are such a good hater." nevil got up, and took a travelling inkstand and his cheque-book from his portmanteau. "what time does the steamer start ?"' "at 1." "then you can get this cashed to-morrow morning," he said, "and i will see you on board, and give you an address where it is probable you may hear something of your sister. write to mr. danten ; your letters will be safe now." the girl took the cheque. " i don't know how to thank you and mr. dauten," she said with a suspicious tremble in her voice ; and after bidding him good night left the room. [tto be continued]]       chapter xxvii maggie's secret.   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   chapter xxvii.   magie's secret.   by "dramingo."   i never thought i could have felt anything but a deep feeling of relief at james' departure; but, strange to say, now he is gone, i miss him. if the bouncer were to die, to sow music, of a   broken heart, i think i should find myself recall ing her good points, and forgetting her bad ones, i wonder whether she'd think the same of me, if i died first; i'm afraid not: i have an idea she'd execute a war-dance over my lifeless body, and otherwise insult my remains. however there's one thing certain: this last little affair has led up to a sort of understanding between clara and nevil. not that he's all i should like him to be, but still he's an improvement upon what he was. he gets moody fits on him, seems like a man who did not know his own mind : wonder if any men do? a good deal of my old energy has departed. i am not the bird i was ; eats have become a burden and a source of trouble to me, and even the butcher's dog affords no consolation. the very servants bully me now, and i don't think i could fly a mile to save my neck. they have all gone out to a party to-night, and l am alone. i went to sleep just now and had a horrid dream : i thought i was still in this room, and that in the corner i saw a white object moving towards me. i could not stir; i had to sit still and watch this horrid thing growing bigger and moregigan tic, looming through the darkness, and still approaching me. i never knew what fright was before ; my heart stood still, and nearer and nearer came this awful thing, till with a shriek it rushed at me crying, " pretty cocky ! pretty cocky !" and i awoke. i tried to say a prayer. i wonder if murderers feel like this—there! it's coming again. keep off! it was a fair fight. help! mercy, help !!   when clara came home from the party, she found me lying in a fit on the floor; so i heard afterwards. but it was two days before i got at all well, and even now i'm as shaky as possible. clara goes about the house singing like a bird at present. i'm rather disgusted; i should hare thought that she would have had a little more consideration for me in my weak state; but there !—it's all alike ; if i was in my grave, the world would go on the same as ever. we've got a new acquaintance; his name is bantam—robert bantam, but everybody calls him bob. he's a good little fellow, and is gone on the bouncer, whom he met at that party the night i had the fit. he's taught me to say a lot of nice things, though some of them get me into rows ; but what's the fun of life without rows? i wonder how poor james is getting on; when i think that i was the author of his banishment i feel a little melancholy at times, but i believe   it will do him good, and that thought consoles me ; i was born to do good, i think. what a conscious little monkey clara has got this last day or two ; she talks to me sometimes, just because she's so happy, and it has to brim over. well, i'm out of all this ; one time i could have entered into the feeling, and rejoiced with her, but now i am old, and embittered, and— well, i believe i'm jealous. you see clara has been my girl always; i've brought her up from a child, so now when i see that even my ill-health does not prevent her being abominably happy i feel just a little sore. i suppose it's jealousy, the green-eyed monster. i really believe agatha's going to make a suc cess of it this time ; bob's fairly caught. i think he'll improve the bouncer—bring out what good points she has, and not let her make such a stupid of herself as she does at times. bob keeps everybody laughing when he's here; agatha nearly emulates me, and goes into a fit. he imitated bloomington making a speech in the house the other night, and i nearly cried he made me chuckle so. but jack and nevil, who were there, did not seem to enjoy it so much; why, i am sure i don't know, for they have no sympathy with the man caricatured. however the bouncer's an appreciative audience at all times, and the only one bob cares for at present, and so iong as they are happy it's all right. 0, what a long time it seems since we used to live up on the station and i went out with jack in the morning to count sheep ; and what great fun i used to have at shearing time when there were any amount of strangers about the place. i didn't have fits in those days, or dream of cockatoos' ghosts; i was strong and active, not a broken-down old bird, with a cracked voice, and a droop in one eyelid. the postman brought a letter just now for jack, in a woman's handwriting; it's lying on the table ; shall i play any tricks with it ? got a melbourne post mark on ; wonder what feminine correspondent he has down there? no, i don't think i'll play any more pranks with letters, but it's tempting. the bouncer's very curious too ; she looked at it all round, and weighed it, and criticised the envelope and the handwriting and all the outside of it: evidently she wondered, like me, what business jack had with lady cor respondents in melbourne. by the way, this big blowup of the govern ment has been postponed, but only for a short time, and than we shall see what we shall see. i'm getting interested in politics ; people always take to them as life advances ; either that or eat ing and drinking; i have taken to politics, but they're hard. the only time i went to the house i experienced great difficulty in understanding what was going on. one man was speaking— that was evident—but nobody appeared to be listening; still he kept on talking, as though he had been wound up by machinery, and must get through a certain number of words before he sat down. i caught a few phrases here and there, but they were not enough to enable me to get at the drift of his speech. the whole thing was tame in the extreme, and i came away. but, though i was disgusted at what i saw, i am interested in the questions of the day; particu larly the native birds protection bill; bless you i could speak on that subject for hours. they protect laughing jackasses !! did you ever have to live in the same tree with one ! i did. that wretch used to wake me up every morning, till i nearly went mad. gobble gobble gobble before the stars were put out; but i revenged myself. i went up and roosted above him, and took a small stone up with me. of oourse he commenced his insane laugh the first thing in the morning, and threw his head back and opened his mouth as though he'd made a joke. i looked down at him, took a good aim, and dropped the pebble right into his open mouth. he died of apoplexy ; at least he choked; but he did not awaken me the next morning. well if that was not cool! nevil came here, and there was nobody in the room just at the time excepting me. jack's letter was on the table, and he happened to catch sight of it. he picked it up eagerly, and opened it at once. now what do you call that ? opened it, read it, put it in his pocket, and took his hat and went away. clara came down in a few seconds, and he had vanished, gone, without leaving an apology with me, or saying anything. i could see clara was astonished, and a little bit hurt; just enough to make her pout, and look pro vokingly nice. not content with this strange and unceremonious proceeding, master nevil came back in about half-an-hour's time, and it just served him right, he rushed right into mrs. maclure's arms—metaphorically of course—and she had him for two guineas for the asylum for sick dogs at once. however he had the satis faction of explaining matters to clara and being forgiven, and seeing her smile instead of pout. he had forgotten an important telegram, he said, but that does not account for his opening jack's letter. mrs maclure tackled bob the other day, but he was too many for her. he feigned the deepest interest in the asylum for sick dogs : got the names of the patrons, the committee, and the number of dogs that had been cured ; kept her talking for nearly an hour; and then said that it was a most praiseworthy institution, and if he had a friend who had a sick dog he should certainly recommend him to send it there; he would only be too glad to subscribe a couple of guineas—here the dear old girl got her list out— as soon at he owned a dog ; at present it might have his best wishes for its success, and he would speak about it highly, everywhere. i feel better to-night, not quite so staggery about the legs, and not so many specks floating in front of my eyes. i'm in great hopes of being able to peck somebody soon.   chapter xxviii " the question is," reflected nevil as he tied a white tie and admired himself in the glass at the same time, ''whether the game is worth the candle." he sat down and looked at his dress boots as though they might solve a mystery that   no man yet solved ; then proceeded to pull one on, with an air of infinite disgust. " i suppose," he thought, "most games are not worth the amount of candle expended in playing them ; but probably i am at this moment indulging in a more prodigal amount of illumination than general. i'm a conceited ass, that is certain, or i would not have got it into my head that a certain dame is so infatuated with me that i'm bound to be her devoted attendant, and allow her to entertain the notion that i'm the victim of a hopeless passion, found out only too late. a modern edition of sir launcelot and queen guinevere ; bloomington in the character of the stainless king; not bad idea that last. in addition to this i find i am falling head over ears in love—the real genuine thing—with clara danten ; and i have neglected that ancient and highly-to-be- commended maxim, ' be off with the old love before you are on with the new.' con sidering all things, master david, you've acted in about the most careless, stupid, almost dishonor able manner that you well could do : i'm begin* ning to be proud of you. supposing i don't show up to-night, won't that be a good beginning to make? disobey queen jane's sovereign orders, indicate my intention to regain my freedom. who's this ?" he exclaimed aloud, as the door opened and the man he called bob entered in evening dress. " aren't you dressed, you lazy beggar ?" he demanded. "no ; i've changed my mind ; i shan't go to this hop ; too much trouble." " you'll throw me over like that, will you ? not if i know it; you'll have to come whether you like it or not, so put your coat on immedi ately, if not sooner." " no, bob, i'm not going ; i've got a headache, or a toothache, or something, i don't know which, but you can apologise for me." " i'll do nothing of the sort; don't be such an old idiot as to dress yourself and then change your mind. come on !" "i suppose you'll give me no peace if i don't ; it's useless trying to keep the narrow path when such evil angels as you are fooling around. " ingratitude ; beastly ingratitude i i was a good angel to you the other night, when in reality i should have greatly enjoyed seeing the old woman having a row with you from a high moral stand-point but i sacrificed my own pleasure for the sake of my friend, and this is how he re pays me." " is there a cab outside ?" said nevil, who had got his coat on by this time and was looking the picture of resignation. " yes ! been waiting for the last half-hour, so i trust you will remember to pay the fare." a short drive brought them to the scene of festivity. nevil looked curiously round as he entered the room, and the first glance told him that no sweet little cherub had looked after his interests ; both the old love and the new were there. after being reprimanded by the lady of the house for his late arrival, he thought he saw a good opening for escape by plunging into a small knot of skulkers from their duties as dancing men, who were discussing the coming vote-of-confidence vote. although not in the least interested he joined the conversation with ostensibly great animation. but this could not last forever; the force of circumstances, and the flight of time, compelled him at last to find his way to the side of queen guinevere, unless he wished his avoidance to become marked. * not dancing to night ?" he enquired, rather hoping such was the case. " my first partner seemed to think that dancing consisted in coming into collision with everybody you possibly could, no matter if you went out of your way to do it. my next had been drinking sherry ; so i have refused the last two." " what's this ? a waltz ! will you tempt fate once more ?" she rose without answering. the music hap pened to be exceptionally good for a wonder, and the air adapted from an old german melody —full of the strange sweetness that seems to belong exclusively to waltz munic. as it rose and fell in regular measure, and they kept time to its rhythm, nevil began to feel that the chains were tightening instead of loosing. what was tightening the bonds ? the band that he held, small, slender with a glove like a second skin on it ; the band that never touched his without his first feeling regarding it's latent strength coming over him ? was it that ? or the glance from those deep eyes, that, like the fabled lamia's, seemed ready to weep over the mischief they were bound to cause ? the close- fitting ball-dress of the present day, so fatal to the appearance of most women, was worn by his companion with unconscious grace; in every curve of her figure there was the perfect sweep that stands the test of clinging folds and classic display of outline. in every movement and atti tude there was the inborn artistic perception of a beautiful woman. when nature does give a woman the rare gift of a perfect form she gives her with it that almost unconscious knowledge of effect that would prevent her doing anything awkwardly even in a desert uninhabited land where there was nobody to pose for. as nevil passed clara danten he could not help being struck with the difference in the two women ; and yet—although elaine could not have worn guinevere's robes with impunity—was not she the more alluring of the two? one was pre eminently womanly ; the other was a woman almost faultless in form and in face, but wanting the chief charm of womanhood—softness and tenderness. and therein was the fatal fascina tion that kept nevil prisoner against his calmer judgment ; for he felt intuitively, or rather a thousand little words and looks had told him, that he was the one man who could make these missing flowerets spring up and blossom into life and sweetness. the music ceased ; and he was standing on the broad verandah, the soft southern night wind whispering through the shrubs and flowers that were sleeping under the dim light of a dying moon; his partner, with her hand resting on his arm, silent beside him. 'when that ancient and conceited old arab first started the notion that speech was silver and silence golden, he had probably just passed through the critical stage of a desperate flirtation; and had found how much more expressive it is at times to say nothing than to preach a sermon. certainly the five minutes' silence in the shadowy half-light of the verandah did more mischief than   an hour's talking would have done, then, as their solitude was disturbed, they sauntered back to the light and bustle of the crowded room. " how pretty the youngest miss danten looked to-night," said mrs. bloomington, after nevil had taken her to a seat, and was yet in attendance, alone. the look that he had cast towards the young lady in question had not been unnoticed*. " very pretty, and she's as good as pretty;" returned he heartily and warmly. " i wonder how sisters can be so different; she is so genuine, and lovable altogether, compared to the elder one," went on the lady, who was the last woman to do such a commonplace thing as disparage a possible rival. " the eldest miss danten is a very nice girl, but not remarkable for anything out of the common ; that is all, i think." " exactly; nothing out of the common ; and the common is, as a rule, so very common that i'd rather anybody i liked distinguished them- selves in the wrong direction than not at all." " mr. bloomington seems about to rise to dis tinction in a lawful and commendable manner," said nevil carelessly. she looked up at him reproachfully : "et tu, brute" that glance seemed to say : then with the shadow of a sneer on her lip replied, "yes, he's likely to become a man of importance; is not that the right phrase ? i'm thinking of getting him to send home to herald's college for a coat of arms ; what motto could you advise?" "liberte, egalite,fraternite, returned he thoughtlessly ; but just as he was, thinking it would make matters worse to apologise jack danten joined them. there was a look of strange pity in danten's eyes, mrs. bloomington thought, as he made the commonplace request for the favor of a dance. she liked him, and wanted him to like her, because he was nevil's friend and had great in fluence over him ; but beyond that had no desire to have him at her chariot wheels; therefore she was unable to account for it, except that he felt sorry for her, in a general sort of way, for being married to bloomington ; and like any other woman she objected to sympathy on that ac count, although hating her husband. nevil being released gravitated naturally towards clara danten, and was properly served by finding him self rather late in the field. however he managed to secure her for supper, and was allowed to dis cover that the first and only round dance she intended dancing after supper had been kept open. a discovery of which he promptly availed himself. it was again a waltz and the same sad old melody that had been played be fore. nevil could scarcely analyse his own feelings as he looked at the round girlish cheek close to his shoulder, and caught a shy glance from the bright eyes that belonged to it. he was so lost in his dreamings that he nearly came to grief against his friend bob and the eldest miss danten, who were trying to dance a galop to waltz music—just by way of infusing a little change into the proceedings, bob said. escaping this danger by dexterous pilotage, they found the room getting so full by reason of so many more men gaining courage to dance after supper that nevil proposed an adjournment on to the verandah; carrying out which idea they came upon jack and mrs. mortmain. this formed a partie carree that was not broken up till jack went in search of his other sister, who was still keeping the floor. it was nearly 2 o'clock as nevil turned away from watching his friends drive off, recalling the look and smile clara had given him as she waved him a last playful adieu. " i feel mean, as the americans are supposed to say," he thought as he re-entered the house to get his overcoat, and met guinevere and arthur coming out. arthur looked his worst in festal garments. how nevil avoided his proffered hand with politeness he could not afterwards re member, but he felt glad that he had done so. " the want of confidence vote is postponed," said the stainless king ; "government are trying to push the sugar duty bill through, and i'm going back to the house now: we're talking against time." " what a fearful bore you must find it; can't you send a dummy in your place ?" returned nevil, who had felt bound to turn and walk with them down to the carriage. "ah ! but if they passed this bill i should lose a good deal, for i own some property that would deteriorate in value considerably." " in that case, my dear sir," said nevil, as he put mrs. bloomiogton into the carriage and her husband dutifully settled the train of her dress, "don't come home again till you've tired them out." " i expect we shall be at it all night," said the legislator. " good night;" and guinevere put out her hand and pressed into nevil's—her ball pro gramme. nevil inspectcd it after he had once more, and successfully, attempted to get his overcoat and leave. then he tore it into minute fragments, and proceeded on his way. in due time he arrived before a large house, standing by itself in a good garden. he passed up the silent walk and halted at the edge of the verandah. the house was in darkness. a woman was waiting for him : quern guinevere, still in her ball dress, her neck and arms gleaming white in the semi-darkness. "it's turning a little cold," he said as he stepped up beside her; "had you not better put a shawl on?" for answer, she took his hand and put it against her cheek, which was burning hot. " you are the more likely to get chilled," he remarked in reply to this mute response. " get me a shawl then," she said. " i threw mine down close by the window." nevil stepped to the open french light and picked up a soft woollen cloud that was visible by reason of its white color. he wrapped it round his companion, who nestled to his side and leant on his shoulder. " i'm tired of it all; i can't stand it much longer;'' she said. " and i came to tell you that this will, and must, and shall be our last meeting." " why, what do you mean ?" " that this is only weakness that will lead to nothing but bitterness in the end ; if end it can be called that i see looming in front: rather the beginning of fresh folly and trouble." " are you afraid ?" she asked with a touch of scorn. " yes, of lifelong remorse, of unavailing re gret that the past had not been different."   "don't leave me," she pleaded; "take me away ; let us go back to south america—you have been there as well as i, and there, as you know, we ahall be safe and happy." he listened to her without answering ; some thing he knew, and that had made danten's eyes soften to her that night—was making him treat her more patiently and tenderly than ever. " don't say this is to be our last meeting," she went on. " i can't lose you ! do you know that i never liked or loved a single thing in my life before : that when a girl i never had a friend or a pet ? that i grew up —as i often wondered to think—without un derstanding what affection meant? do you know that in south america, when i went there with my father to visit the silver mine that ruined our fortunes, i saw my only brother drowned before my eyes, and never shed a single tear ? fancy what i feel now that i have at last found out the meaning of the word love." "if you had to undergo torture as of old, what would you do ?" he said at length. " bite my tongue through ere they got, a groan or a cry for mercy from me." "then will you show less courage at having to undergo the mental rack than you would if stretched on the physical one ?" she drew herself away from his arms, proudly and defiantly. he had touched the key-note of her nature. " courage !" she repeated, " yes ! you shall see what courage i possess. only "—and she came close to him again and put her hands in his as she lifted her face—" let me tell you : i know that you never really cared for me, but by a thread have i kept you by me so long. that thread is broken, and i know by whom. don't start! l am not jealous of clara danten. she has no idea how she wrings my heart when she wins yours from me. to-night, when i heard your step and knew you had come at my bidding, i thought i had won ; but now, now, i have lost. good-bye—not for ever, for we shall meet again, and that is the worst of all. but good-bye to this "—and she clung to nevil in one last passionate embrace. "we won't part," he whispered to her; " i will do as you say. in some other country we can, and will, rectify the mistakes of the past year, and be happy." "it is pleasant to think so," she replied, in a voice so sweet and tender that he scarcely recog nised it; "but my dream is over. i know that you would be mine in all outward show and affection; but— in that only. l am glad you have spoken as you did: for in the future it will be well to think that i had it in my power—that in fact i won. but"—and she freed her hands, and drew his face down to hers and kissed him almost solemnly—" in that winning i have lost. good-bye again, and again." the stars were paling in the sky as nevil left the house. in the east was the first flush of the ooming day. and there, too, still shining with unquenched splendor, was the bright and beauti ful morning star. through the quiet streets lifeless and deserted, by the houses full of sleep ing inmates, he passed, until he oame to the restless river, that rolled on. on, ever passionless and indifferent, no matter what human tragedies fretted their poor hour on its banks on either hand ; and there he watched, as often he had watched, the change that creeps over the face of nature as she wakens from the death sleep of darkness to the resurrection of light .... " why, nevil," said bob, aa he met that gentle man descending the stairs, humming one of last night's waltzes, "if parties make you look as seedy as this, take my advice and don't go to any more," "good advice, considering you dragged me there." " the great fault of you, nevil, is that you try to do too much. go and get a tub, and after breakfast you'll be as fit as i am." [to be continued.]   in harper1) weekly (new york) we read : on the seventy-second birthday of the poet long* fellow he was the surprised and gratified recipient of a graceful testimonial of regard from the children of cambridge. several yean ago, in widening the streets of the city, it became necessary to remove the old horse- chestnut tree in whose shade stood the "smithy" celebrated in "the village blacksmith." an elaborately carved chair was made from a portion of this tree, and was sent to the residence of the poet on the morning of his birthday. beneath the cushion, on a brass plate, is the following inscrip tion :— to tub authou of "the village blacksmith" this chair, made from the wood of the spreading chea tv ut-tree, ia presented as an expreuion of grateful regard and reneration by the children of cambridge, who, with their frieads, join in bett withes and congratulations on this annironary. february 27, 1870. the appearance of the chair suggests solidity and comfort. the color is t» dead black—an effect produced by ebonising the wood. the partial upholstering is in green leather. an exquisite piece of carving, consisting of horse-chestnut leaves and blossoms, ia on the back of the chain and horse-chestnut leaves and burrs are variously combined at other points. arouud the seat, in raised german text, are the following lines from the poem: — and children, coming home from school, look in at the open door . . . . ami catcli the burning shirks that rlj like cliatf fruni it threading fl .or. louise, victoria, nud maud, tho young daugh ters of the prince of wales, rarely appear in public in any but the simplest of dreuses. they are sometimes seen with their mother at the theatre in plain white linen or cotton sailor dresser, with a little red trimming, and they are often met riding and driving in neat sailor dresses i dark bine woollen.       chapter xxix maggie's secret   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   chapter xxix.   "maggie's secret."   by "dramingo."   strange to say, i am still of the opinion that there is some good in this world, but the difficulty is in finding it. how often in the long watches of the night when stupid people doubt   less fancied i was fast asleep, simply because i had my eyes shut and was standing on one leg have i thought over the problem : does the good when you find it repay the trouble of look ing for it! i think in some rare cases it does, but as a rule not. norw in the course of a varied and eventful life i have seen men—aye, and women too, whom you, my dear lady dis dain, would not brush with your tail feathers— do downright noble deeds ; and out of pure devilry sometimes. is that good! or is it only an evil spirit in the guise of an angel of light? anyhow i have arrived at the conclusion that the fiery, active, restless nature that goes to perdition with the bit between its teeth is more likely, if once it is shunted into the right groove, to point a mural and adorn a tale than all the quiet-going respectability of the majority of the world. often " the lost legion" is made up of those who have tasted of the wine, the oil, and the corn, have longed for the fine clothing of purple and linen, and tried to sit in the high places, and have failed. but now they have found their groove, and, though they may go down with the cheer of victory ringing in their dulled ears, they have struck one good stroke and made one grasp for the golden lure of honor. i remember an instance of this long ago, when jack was young, and so was i. there was an old fellow—not old in years but in vice and iniquity—a drunken old scoundrel, whom jack out of sheer pity often gave a job to, and had helped many a time. he was doing some odd jobs on the station during a spell of dry weather. one of the paddocks that had been carefully saved caught fire, and every man on the station went to work to try and save it. there was a breeze blowing in fitful puffs, and once, the fire was almost got under, when there came a gust of wind, and with one leap it was amongst a lot of long grass and darting its scorching tongues of flame in the men's faces. they had to run back ; a salamander could not have stood it ; but james, who was then a boy of twelve, stumbled, and fell. there were about thirteen men there. eleven stood looking helplessly on, and two went back to drag the boy out; one was jack, the other was old drunken ben. jack came out, with his brother; ben didn't that's all. of course we found him afterwards, not much disfigured either ; but i maintain that his love for excite ment and action, misdirected for years, for once found a decent opening, and he promptly seized the opportunity. i have been led to these reflections by ob serving bloomington lately. i've found the good in him ; yes, the one green spot in that close selfish nature. what do you think it is ? the only generous instinct he ever indulged in ; the love for his wife. i believe he is fonder of her   than he is of the position he thinks he has at tained or the wealth he has accumulated, and as a natural consequence she detests him. always the way. oh, how it makes me laugh ! for i have watched it so often. here we are ; i have got everything man could desire, at least in outward seeming ; year after year i have been successful; i have added to my store, i have risen in place and estimation ; and then there comes a time when there arises a want, a craving that must be satisfied, even if we stake life and fortune on the throw. it is ours, we have won ; or, at any rate, bedecked with all the hues of hope's bright bow, the bubble floats within our grasp. caught at last, and we open our hand to inspect the prize. lo ! it has vanished and on bur palm is a wet stain like blood. queer thoughts for a magpie; but i have looked on at the game so long that now it almost seems that i am one ot the players. bloomington has not been to see us lately; why, i don't know. jack may have given him the cold shoulder again perhaps; but he's so horribly thick-skinned i know he wouldn't understand a milder hint than kicking out. however, it may be the important business of the approaching attack on the government. mrs. bloomington called once since the night of that party—time i had the fit. she looks changed somewhat, and i thought her manner towards clara was singularly kindly. i think clara must have noticed it as well, for she seemed a bit puzzled. agatha is engaged to bob; it's fair and square sailing at last; he came, saw, and conquered ; and i hope he'll like his bargain. they are to be married in six months. i shall attend the wedding, and practise saying "bless you, my children," in the meantime. i think it would come with great effect at the end of the service. agatha's much improved since her engagement; there's none of the romping that went on in former ones that i wot of; everything's far quieter; bob, for all his apparent shallowness, has a firm hold of the reins, and i think will be a good driver. so time is slipping by at present uneventfully, and almost unmarked. when he glides along so easily and pleasantly with us, we scarcely realise what dreaded precipice ahead he may be hurry ing us to, in his little excursion-train, or we would want the breaks put on quickly. how soon may we be there! for, though we're now gliding through a fair landscape, one shrill whistle ! and in an instant we are in a dark tunnel, and what we shall find when we emerge from it we know not. i was thinking like this the other night, and pretending to be asleep, when jack and nevil came in. there was nobody at home ; agatha and clara had gone under bob's escort to the house of assembly to hear the conclusion of the want of confidence debate. nevil sat down, as did jack, and both stared absently at the floor for some time without speaking. "i wouldn't like that job twice in a lifetime," said jack at length. "nor i," returned the other. "thank god it's over. . when will they be back ?" "they ought to be back soon," said jack looking at the clock, and almost as he spoke i heard the bouncer's laugh at the gate. " glorious victory !" cried bob as he entered ; " millennium set in; new government, universal prosperity, and no taxation." " is that the platform ?" said jack. "that's the platform, sir ; i already feel a bloated millionaire, and a free and independent citizen of the future mistress of the southern hemisphere. " i suppose we may infer that the government are turned out?" said nevil. "of course they are, and the winter of our discontent about to be made glorious summer." jack, with an intelligent look at nevil, left the room at this point, atd i heard him call clara, who was up with her mother. then agatha came in, and nevil must have felt horribly in the way; i'm sure he looked as though he did. i suppose they wanted to say good-bye, but they had not a chance, for when jack came back nevil prepared to leave, and of course bob had to go too. they had been gone about ten minutes when a cab drove up ; and clara appeared with her hat on as if going out. " where are you going ?" said agatha in as tonishment. "not far," replied jack ; " we'll be back soon and bring somebody with us, so don't go to bed; and get a bed-room prepared. " you might be a little more explicit;" said agatha in an injured tone. she was feeling hurt at not having had a chance to bid bob a tender good-night " you shall know all about it directly, aggie," replied jack ; " we're going to ask a visitor here, that's all" " it's a queer time of night to choose, i must say," remarked the bouncer as they left. i went down to the gate to see if i could hear the direc tion given to the cabman, but i was too late. nevil was there ; i suppose he brought the cab. ' you'll call there on your way," i heard him say to jack ; clara was already in the cab. " yes ; i'll leave a note ; i won't see him if possible ; he shall have a chance to clear out" " take care bell is not before you ; i'm certain she meant mischief." " i'll go there first," returned jack as he got into the hansom. nevil lifted his hat, and they drove off. i had nothing to do but return, and go to sleep. the bouncer fell asleep, too, over a novel; she woke me up once talking in her dreams and saying something about " button trimming." another time i woke suddenly and mistook her for the ghost of the cockatoo, and screamed. however, we kept each other com pany in alternate naps till 12 o'clock ; then i heard the cab again. i listened for jack's voice, but did not hear it agatha slumbered serenely. the front door had been left ajar, and the servants were all in bed. robbers surely wouldn't come in a cab, i thought, as i heard a strange footstep coming. but it   was clara at any rate, and the visitors were mrs. bloomington and the pretty little girl whom i saw with her once before. the bouncer must have thought she was still dreaming, for she could scarcely find words to welcome her guest. "i'm afraid i'm putting you all out dread fully," said mrs. bloomington, aa she shook agatha's hand ; " but perhaps, miss danten, when you know all you will pardon me." the bouncer, who is good nature itself, got quite affected at this and embraoed the little girl effusively. clara signed to her sister not to ask any questions, and they soon left me alone. jack did not turn up again. but what troubled me most was my little girl's face. she looked so white and scared, she might have just got up from a month's sickness. and, strangest of all, on her cuff and the sleeve of her dress was a dark red smear.   chapter xxx. he bit his lip—it quivered for a moment— then passed his hand across his flushing brows; he could have spared so forcible a comment upon the constancy of woman's vows. there was a crowd in the house of assembly; scores had turned back disappointed at not being able to get in. it was the second night of the want of confidence debate, and the house was expected to divide. ministers were replying, but they knew it was a losing battle they were fighting. it was already a settled thing ; all they had to do was to die game. the ladies' gallery was full to overflowing. often from his place in the house bloomiogton looked up to see if the face of his wife was bent over the railing, but he could not see it. he had asked her to come to witness what he called his triumph, and he hoped she would not disappoint him. he had won great kudos from his party ; early and late he had toiled, and now he was to have his reward. already the interest was flagging; the best speakers had said their say, and only the small guns were being fired. then the division-bell rang, and the stragglers in the refreshment room and library came in. bets were offered and taken—not on the result; that was considered certain; but on the size of the majority. bloomington for once felt almost uncontrollable excitement; certain as he deemed it, the old adage of the slip betwixt the cup and the lip was very familiar to him. the event was more to him even than to his fellows. to them it meant loaves and fishes, patronage and pickings—very good things in their way, and highly desirable by men who make a living out of political life. but to bloomington it was, as he thought, the one thing wanting to complete and round off his life. he could not comprehend how petty was the distinction he coveted ; how small in reality was the prestige attached to the position of a colonial minister. to the narrow mind of the untravelled self-made man it seemed the ladder that would place him on an equality with his wife ; he had given her wealth, now he could give her rank and repute. th« timecame, and bloomington knew he had won. the motion was carried by a majority of fourteen. in ten minutes the galleries were emptied, and the news was spreading over the town. half an hour afterwards bloomington was on his way home. his hour of triumph had come ; he was, he knew, as good as gazetted. he had the crowning pleasure to enjoy of communica ting the tidings to the woman he loved ; and as he sped along he pictured that proud face softened at last in sympathy with his success. the house seemed strangely quiet. the servant who admitted him said something that in his hurry he did not catch the meaning of. was she waiting up for him ? he turned into her accustomed room ; it wns lighted and occu pied. a woman was sitting in an easy chair, pale, wasted, and wan, with a frightened look in her meek blue eyes. a child some four years old was by her side ; and, as he entered, the woman rose and held up pitiful shrinkiug hands, and cried, " i could not help it, dear. bell made me do it; i did not want to come." " yes," said another voice ; and a second figure he had not seen at first, came forward ; " i did it, as i promised you i would." how did he feel? he scarcely knew. his mind, elated beyond measure, could scarcely comprehend this sudden and awful catastrophe. only, when the woman who should have been his wife would have touched him to deprecate his anger, he shook her roughly off, so that she sank back frightened in the chair. with every feature elate with satisfied re venge, and her naturally bright eyes blazing with excitement, bell confronted her stricken enemy. " yes, i promised you this ; and this is only a part of the pleasant little surprise that awaits you ; there's one as hot as i am on your track now. dead men tell no tales, but they leave perilously dangerous papers behind them some times. i don't think they'll make an embezzling partner and a forger minister for lands, little regard as they have for appearances." he understood but did not reply ; he must see his wife first; and as be stepped forward to leave the room he saw a note in her handwriting on the table. it was enough : he could guess the contents without reading the scornful biting words ; enough, she was gone i " you have done your work well, bell," he said in a strained voice ; " i really give you credit for this dramatically arranged scene. only one thing more is wanted: a little blue-fire and a murder." the girl looked puzzled. he was not taking it as she expected. she did not know the utter calm of despair. " you've driven my wife from my side ; you say that i shall soon be a convicted felon ; that may or may not be ; the first act is enough ; you shall witness the end of your work !" he turned as he spoke, and drew a small revolver from the drawer of a secretaire. the woman in the chair gave a faint shriek; but bell's lip curled in scorn. " don't be alarmed," she said to her sister ; "cowards don't commit suicide." "no ! but they often commit murder," he re turned coolly, and, almost as he spoke the words, fired at his nemesis. the servant who crept up startled and frightened saw, when she looked timidly through the door, a woman in a chair moaning in an   idiotic manner and crying feebly, a child with its head buried in its mother's lap keeping her com pany in frightened sobs, and another figure lying on the floor breathing heavily and strangely, with a dash of bloody foam on its lips. the scared attendant turned to rush shrieking from the house, when she heard the noise of wheels stop suddenly before the door, and when she opened it a man entered hastily. she did not recognise the new-comer, but she pointed towards the room, and he hurried there and she followed, leaving the door open. when jack danten saw the state of affairs, he precipitately rushed out again and despatched the cabman for the nearest doctor; and in his haste did not notice that his sister had left the cab in alarm and followed him. the servant had done nothing for the wounded woman, and jack knelt down and raised her head. " let me, jack," said a trembling voice at his elbow, and clara knelt beside him and raised the sufferer while jack got some cushions to put under her. bell opened her eyes, and recognised danten, but she did not speak until she caught sight of the other pitying face above her. then she spoke feebly and jack had to stoop to catch her words. "is she to be your wife?" he made out. " no," he returned, "she is my sister." bell put her hand round and laid it on clara's, with a smile breaking through the froth that bubbled from her lips at every breath, and that had already saturated clara's handkerchief as she wiped it away. " he did it," she said again, looking at jack ; meanwhile the woman in the chair still moaned and wrung her hands. clara looked at her brother; her pale lips formed the question, " will she die ?" jack nodded ; it was only a matter of tlme he could see. poor bell's hour had struck. " won't you pray ?" said simple clara, think ing with fear in her innocent girlish heart of the awful step the woman was about to take. bell smiled again, but muttered something about knowing nothing of prayers. "why pray ?" she said half defiantly ; and in a stronger voice " i have lived my life ; it has been short and merry." then she stopped as if it struck her that her careless words were grieving the sad kind face that looked into hers. "if you wouldn't mind," she murmured, wistfully and imploringly ; "it would be better than a prayer to take with me." clara instinctively divined her request, and. with the tears dropping from her eyes, pressed her soft lips to the dying girl's face in a gentle caress. ood knows by what instinct she too divined that that kiss the parting spirit took with it into the unknown was the purest it had ever felt in its life. if there is a recording angel above, surely the touch of those maiden lips on the outcast's cheek counts more in his record than a million hackneyed prayers. " will that doctor never come !" said jack im patiently. "she's past all want of doctors now," returned clara as she let the lifeless head fall back on the cushion, and rose. " i never meant you should see such a sight as this," said jack as he passed his arm round his sister. "it's not that jack; but— but ——" " clara never finished her explanation, but sub sided in sobs on her brother's shoulder and just then the cab returned with the doctor. for the dead woman he could of course do nothing, for the living he could only conjecture that the sudden shock of terror had upset a reason never too strong. [to be continued]   tax development or unsuspected powbm —he was, after all, not bo much a fool who mid that he did not know whether he could play th* fiddle becausfl he had never tried. no one know* what is in him, or what nature, destiny, or circumstances may bring oat of him. soott writes a few chapters of a tale in humble imita tion of miss edgeworth, throws it into a drawer, lights upon it years afterwards, completes it, publishes it. the name of it is "warerley." he rubs his eyes; finds he is quite another man from what either the world or himself had taken him for; throws off " guy mannering " in six weeks, and follows it up with a number of works, all written in the afternoon of his life, which cast for ever into the shade the produc tions on which his earlier reputation had been built. the stripling kuskin bethinks him of writing a letter to a review to prove that an old artist, whom people were laughing at, could really draw branches and clouds ; the result is not ouly the greatest system of art criticism in existence, but an extensive body of highly re* markable writings upon matters relating to morality, philosophy, and religion. young charles dickens is engaged, at ten guineas a sheet, to write a burlesque accompaniment to a series of comic woodcuts, illustrative of the hackneyed theme of cockney sporta ; his position in literature and society at the time is indicated by the fact that a couple of numbers are paid for in advance, to enable him to gee married. the nimrod club of the carica turist becomes the pickwick club ; and the cockney sportsman, whose spider legs, swallow* tail coat, and absurd mistakes in sportsmanship, were expected by artist and publisher to be laughed at for a few weeks and then forgotten, develop into the characters of one of the world's imperishable works of humor and imagination. the pharisee in religion, the pedant in art, have always asked, can any good thing come out of galilee ? the answer is that all the tranaoen dently good things have come out of galilee.— ptttr bayne, ll.d.,intju literary world. aw italian bishop, while at a large dinner party, attempted to take a silver chafing-duh in his hands. it was so hot that he put it down more rapidly than he intended, for the divorse was accompanied by ttrong expressions. a guest instantly drew forth his memorandum-book and pencil. the bishop asked, " what are jou writ ing ?" " your prayer against hoi dishes," was the reply. " i myself may wish to um it one of these days."       chapter xxxi maggie's secret   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   "maggie's secret."   chapter xxxi.   by "dramingo."   i'm nearly white; talk about remorse! the murder of that cockatoo was nothing to this last performance of mine. but then it was unintentional; how could i tell that picking up that   unfortunate letter and putting it into jack's room could be the match to explode such a mine as it has done? however, here we are in the thick of it, and a sea of trouble it all is. the bouncer is in her glory; i call her " the latest edition." clara is laid up, having had a nervous shock that has unsettled her for a few days. mrs. bloomington and ada are still staying with us. ada and i are great friends ; she comes and talks to me for hours; we have most interesting conversations, i can assure you. and bell, the energetic young party who nearly demolished me with half-a-crown, is dead ; shot —supposedly by bloomington. bloomington's gone, and there's a warrant out for him on the charge of murder ; if he's caught and convicted he'll be hanged, i suppose, and then there'll be another death on my soul. jack looks horribly guilty ; first time i ever saw him thoroughly put out; evidently he did not imagine or foresee the end of his work. it seems that james had been in the habit of getting loans from bloomington when hard up ; and, in re turn, doing anything for him. jack found out about it once, and—as he thought— put a stop to it; but in his easy good-nature he did not, as he (should have done, insist on a complote rupture with bloomington. the letter i found betrayed the fact that james was acting as bloomington's go-between in screening his place of abode from the knowledge of a girl he had abandoned, and left to go to destruction as fast as she could. the letter was from the girl, containing a pitiable supplication for some money to help herself and child ; on it was an annotation in bloomington's handwriting addressed to james. " answer this, will you! say i'm gone to england. if she gets money she may come bothering up here." now if there's one thing that could rouse the devil in jack it would be such conduct on his   brother's part. taking the side of the strong against the weak was a greater crime in jack's eye than anything ; added to that it was siding with a wealthy powerful man against a wretched helpless girl; and for some petty advance of money too. i am only astonished that james was not utterly consumed in the blaze and heat of his brother's wrath, i think it was the greatest blow jack's pride ever did or will re ceive. one effect of mrs. bloomington's presence here is that it has routed nevil; he has not been near the house since. clara was down to-day, looking very delicate, poor little girl she got a great fright the night of the murder, but i'm certain, although i was not there, that she came out strong on the occasion: she might break down afterwards, but she's not one of the hysterical sort like the bouncer, who faints at the slightest inducement. mrs. bloomington has taken a great fancy to clara; i've seen her look at her quite wist fully at times, when she thought no one saw her. she's greatly changed; i suppose all this worry and trouble is enough to account for that; but still i always thought her a woman who would be above circumstances —hold them in lordly contempt; but they sometimes prove too many for the best of us. perhaps i'm not altogether behind the scenes as i'd like to be; perhaps i don't under stand human nature ; but i think i do; how ever, i'm probably mistaken. i'm beginning to mistrust my own judgment lately; why, the other day i was wondering at bloomington's success, and now he's a wanderer on the face of the earth—and i foresaw nothing of it i but then a woman mixed herself up in it—therefore i hold myself excused ; no man or magpie either can calculate what will happen when woman comes to the fore. bob is of great service just now ; only i don't believe in the unprincipled way in whioh he tries to cut me out with ada. the bouncer gets quite jealous, his attentions are so marked. it's strange how a child lights up a house. i have a strong objection to hearing a youngster squall, myself; but a dear little girl like ada who has got such a merry laugh is a different thing, and when she and bob and i get together there's noise, i can assure you. now yesterday when clara oame down ada was playing with me, and we were having a very merry time of it; when the bouncer made the remark that i was getting old and quiet. was not that enough to stir me to the depths ? could any bird have stood that ? just because, out of regard for the general un satisfactory state of things, i do not indulge in some of the tempers i used to i am accused of becoming old and quiet; and the last state is worse than the first. l am not and never will be quiet; and, as for age, i wish bob knew the bouncer's. the remark upset me so that i left off playing and retired sulkily. agatha called ada to her, and commenced some elephantine chaff, to which i listened scornfully. "don't you wish mr. bantam was here ada?" she commenced. " yes," said the child ; " but he said i might call him bob—everybody called him bob." " i shall be quite jealous ; don't you know he belongs to me?" returned the bouncer, who had to air her conquest even to a child. " i don't want him, only to play with some times, because he makes me laugh. i'm going to get somebody to belong to me when i'm big enough," said this precocious flirt. " who's that, ada ?" asked clara. the child went over to her—for she, like everybody else, had fallen captive to my little girl—and knelt down beside her. " such a nice man," she went on, putting her face into clara's lap ; '* i don't think you know him." "what's his name?" said the bouncer. "mr. nevil," returned ada. clara blushed faintly, and smiled as she put her hand caressingly on the childish head, and said : "we know him. so he's going to belong to you by-and-bye, is he ?" " yes, if aunty will let him." mrs. bloomington was not in the room ; that was the only drawback i experienced to my en joyment of this speeoh, for i do enjoy an unlucky remark above everything. the smile died from clara's face, but only for a second, and she lifted the girl's face and looked fondly in it. it was only the unmeaning remark of a child, and probably had no foundation in fact, spite of common gossip. the bouncer pursed her lips, and looked straight before her. "the observation of children is remarkably accurate at times," she remarked sententiously. clara darted an indignant look at her. "the evil constructions of some people are remarkably painful at times," she said ; and that was the most bitter remark i ever heard her make to her sister. the bouncer sniffed scornfully, but withdrew from the encounter. ada rambled on about nevil having given her a pony and taught her to ride ; but clara diverted the channel of her reflections ; and mrs. bloomington came in almost imme diately, and in her presence ada was never very loquacious. she's a study, is mrs. bloomington. is she a wonderfully accomplished actress or not ? i think not; i think she has the capabilities of an inborn one, but is too proud to exert them. she has a signal disdain of all the world, including herself : especially herself; and she can be so charming when she chooses. mrs. duncraigie called the other day, just—as i am sure—for no other reason than to see how mrs. bloomington took it : by it of course i mean the late painful affair of the murder. poor mrs. duncraigie, thinking in her simple male volence that mrs. bloomington cared for her spite ! she started on the gushing plat form. she was so distressed, so full of sym pathy, and so really truly grieved, that she felt she must speak. doubtless it would have been better taste to have ignored it all, but where she thought friendship demanded it ahe sacrificed taste. would mrs. bloomington accept her heartfelt sympathy in this time of trouble ?   mrs. bloomington, with her haughty head thrown languidly back against the cushion of the chair, looked curiously from under her dark eyelashes at the visitor. " it has only now fully come home to me that i stand in need of sympathy," she replied. " clara, would you mind affording me a little as well?" clara looked at her with a smile that was half a sigh. " i mean kind, active, generous sympathy like mrs. duncraigie's," went on mrs. bloomington. " i've been with you for a week and you never once put your feelings into words." "i knew you would like me to say what i thought," said mrs. duncraigie. "of course miss clara not having seen so much of life does not possess the same moral courage that i do in the matter. we women of the world understand one another, don't we ?" " perfectly," returned the one sympathised with ; " and your knowledge of life having been so varied you are well adapted to feel for one who has had the misfortune to have her hus band's name so prominently before the public as i have. it's, as you say, a fellow-feeling on your part." mrs. duncraigie certainly did not mean that, but she did not see how to get out of it; it looked as though she had meant it. meanwhile clara was sitting listening in a most uncomfortable frame of mind ; the unmitigated coarseness and brutality of mrs. duncraigie's attack was putting my little girl's blood up; for she has a spirit of her own, though she does not often show it. " have you seen mr. nevil lately ?" enquired our visitor of her. " no ; why do you ask ?" returned clara. "only because i understood he was a great friend of your brother's." "mr. nevil has no sympathy ; he's not over flowing with it, like you, mrs. duncraigie, to come and pity a poor woman," said mrs. bloom ington in an unmoved voice. " but why do you enquire about him ?" per sisted clara, who guessed where the shot was aimed, and was determined to pin the marksman dowm. " good gracious !" said mrs. duncraigie with a girlish giggle ; "do you want the monoply of him, that you jump at me so for mentioning his name ?' " i am not in the habit of jumping at any body" "what is it, clara, they call the action of a woman in a lowly state of life, to which it has pleased god to call her, making fierce love to a man in a slightly better position—'jumping at him,' isn't it ? i thought i recognised the phrase," interrupted mrs. bloomiogton. things were getting very lively ; i was in an ecstasy of enjoyment, when agatha came in, and threw a damper on the affair. mrs. duncraigie rose to leave. "good-bye" she said to mrs. bloomington ; " i do so hope you will hear of mr. bloomington soon." which, as any news of him would probably entail his being tried and hanged, was a kind and thoughtful wish, and rather entitled the speaker to the honors of war: but it's easy to fire a shot and fly. "that woman shall never come inside this house again," declared clara in a tone of un deniable passion. " what ever is the matter ?" demanded the bouncer in great surprise ; and no wonder, for it was a novelty to see clara out of temper. mrs. bloomington rose, and put her hand on clara's shoulder. i believe, on my conscience as a magpie, that it was the first caressing gesture she had ever used towards another woman since childhood. she didn't say anything ; the girl's straightforward advocacy and frank indignation had touched a chord that had never vibrated before. as clara turned her pretty angered face towards her she gently laid a finger on her lips, and then—yes, i saw it—kissed her. that i should have lived to see it and be able to write about it afterwards ! henceforth i give it up ; my pride is humbled, the conceit taken out of me ; i write myself down ass. that i should have seen mrs. bloomington kiss another woman out of good honest gratitude for her friendship, and that woman—but no ! i won't say what i have long suspected. l am not sorry, although i am wrong in my judgment. i have actually seen a sight vouchsafed to few—one woman kiss another, and mean it i after this the deluge. i can write no more.   chapter xxxil nevil and danten were experiencing the happy effects of having striven to take the dis posal of events into their hands and failed. they had wanted to become small editions of fate, to have eked out retributive justice, and had succeeded in getting a wretched girl murdered, and sending another man forth, with the curse of cain in his soul and the price of blood upon his head. they were, and felt themselves to be, complete failures. bell cer tainly had brought on the catastrophe of her own fate. it had been but danten's intention to warn bloomington that he knew of papers having turned up that would probably lead to his being arrested on a charge of forgery when dunwick returned. armstrong, formerly a manager for the elder brother, had let drop that he had wit nessed several deeds between the partners. these deeds were found to be very different in their tenor to what was generally supposed; and armstrong's evidence would go far to settle their authenticity. the knowledge of this rested with nevil, danten, and the girl bell after bloomington's marriage, both nevil and danten felt that the matter must drop, for obvious reasons. danten thought that he had stopped his brother's intimacy, and that there was no longer any occasion for him to exert himself in the matter, especially as the property seemed likely to benefit the right people in the end. nevil of course, knowing all he knew, could not stir against jane dunwick's husband. then came the discovery of the letter that made jack lose his head for a time, and determine to clear bloomington out of the colony, if possible. when bell interviewed nevil, it was only a random idea that made him give her the address in the letter ; he thought it possible it might be her sister. it was; and when bell returned, and found that neither danten nor nevil wished to do more than warn bloomington of probable discovery, she concealed   her real feelings and pretended to agree, inwardly determining to act for herself. as noon as nevil and danten left her, she, by alternately threaten ing and bullying, made her sister accompany her, with the child, to bloomington's house. an interview with mrs. bloomington was the result, and that lady's instant departure. had mrs. bloomington cared a straw for her husband she might have discredited the tale, and awaited his explanation; as it was, it was a chance of freedom she had long sighed for; hence forth they could live separately, with a plausible excuse. jack meanwhile had anti cipated a scene of some sort, and taken clara with him in order that, should things come to the worst, she could extend towards mrs. bloomington the friendship and assistance a man could not offer. as the reader knows he found a very different denouement in progress to what he expected. everything having been done that could be done, he had found out from mrs. bloomington's maid where her mistress had gone to, and had at once taken clara there, and the latter had per suaded the painfully-situated lady to return with her. jack sought out nevil, and spent the night with him in indulging in mutual and unavailing regrets. nevil's feelings were the more uncom fortable of the two. with the mutual under standing that existed between the murderer's wife and himself, he scarcely relished the thought that she was an inmate of the house that held the girl he was anxious to marry. what was he to do ? he could not utter a whisper to danten, who seemed to think that after what had passed his whole life and fortune devoted to mrs. bloomington's service would avail little. nevil could not tell him that the woman was rather grateful to him than other wise for hunting her husband from her side. he could not dare, by all the most sacred of man's feelings of honor, to hint that she was not one a man would willingly choose to be the compan ion of his innocent young sister. he could only do one thing: keep away from the house and bless his unlucky stars and his unluckier want of steadiness that had led him into such a situa tion. and where was the man who had grasped the prize he longed for, and had it shattered in his hand ? who hsd lost his reason in the yearning for revenge upon the hand that smote him, and had done the deed that knows no pardon in this world ? hastily leaving the house the moment the act was accomplished ; feeling that be could give all the rest of his life to have the last half hour over again ; but too dazed and bewildered to think of anything but flight; he hurried on, and found himtelf, when his thoughts cooled.a little, by the river. ah! that was a way, of escape ; up north to one of the gold fields, and there prospecting, and keeping outside, he could remain hidden till the hue and cry was hushed a little. he turned in to the a.s.n. wharf, far by the lights and bustle it seemed that fortuue was about to favor him, and that a steamer was even then starting. money—that was the next thought; and, as it struck him, came tho cold horror of despair. he could draw a cheque for many thousands, and it would be duly honored at sight; now he had a bare half- sovereign that came to be in his pocket he knew not how. he could not pay for his passage ; and, again, known as he was, familiar as his face was to half bris bane, there would be surely some amongst the passengers who would recognise him. it would never do to leave by the steamer ; that idea must be abandoned. but money he must get. he could draw a cheque, and at any of the hotels that were still open he could get it cashed; his signature was well known. but, again, was not the news of the murder being by this time dis cussed in every bar parlor in the town. good god ! what could he do ? the owner of lands and wealth, and penniless almost. he turned to leave the wharf, and as he did so a cab drew up close to him. he was recognised, for the occupant called him by name, and he had to turn, dread ing what was coming. " how are you, old man ?" said his friend jumping out of the cab; " came down from dalby this morning, and just in time to catch this boat; not bad, eh." bloomimgton nodded : " suppose you heard the news ?" he said, trying to speak as usual. " that the ministry are out ? yes, heard it at ipswich ; congratulate you. now i must be off; that's the last bell. by-the-bye, do you remem ber i borrowed a tenner from you last time i was down; here it is; don't forget i paid you. good bye ;" and bloomington was alone, and two £5 notes in his hand. what an awful mockery it seemed to him that he should feel so glad at the possession of this paltry sum ! he felt he must chance it, and get some brandy to steady his nerves. he entered the hotel opposite the wharf. the waiter did not seem to recognise him. he drank a deep draught of brandy and water when it was brought, and then hastened out "hi, there !" cried the waiter running after him ; and he turned, with his heart sinking again at the dread of what was coming. "your change," said the man, giving it to him ; " i wish all customers were like you, sir." bloomington thanked him, and gave him half-a-crown from amongst the silver; then he turned once more. half-an-hour afterwards two cabmen entered the bar to get a last drink before the house shut; they were talking earnestly, and soon the word " murder " was whispered round, at which everybody in the house gathered up to hear the exciting news. " and who was supposed to have done it ?' was the question. " bloomington, the member !" echoed the waiter, "why, he was here just now ; i served him with brandy, and went after him with his change, and he gave me this half-crown ;" and he pulled the coin in question from his pocket. everybody crowded round to see it; and seemed greatly disappointed at finding it but an ordinary coin : there was not even a spot of blood on it; which was disappointing but not singular, considering it had only come from the landlord's till. the owner of it put it back in his pocket with a look of great importance ; he showed it to at least 500 people during the next week, and became a man of mark on the strength of it. " i thought there was something strange about him," the waiter said; "he gave me a half sovereign, and never thought of taking his change." " which way did he go ?" asked one of the cabmen who had brought the news.   the waiter pointed towards the valley, at which the man jumped on his seat, and trotted off in that direction, followed by his mate ; but as no news of bloomington's capture was heard of the next morning, we may presume they were unsuccessful. to be continued]       chapter xxxiii maggie's secret   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   "maggie's secret."   chapter xxxiii.   by "dramingo."   yes, it's better here ; i feel a different bird already. by "here" i mean nearly 100 miles from brisbane; away in a quiet gully in the ranges; when i can brood upon the past undis-   turbed. i stole away early one morning just alter daylight; i left the sleeping household without anyone being aware of my departure; i left a silent blessing behind me for clara and jack, which will probably not benefit them much in this world ; and then i spread my wings and fled. i have been here six months, and, as i stated before, i feel a different bird ; i feel as though life was at times a boon and a blessing. it's grand to wake up at daylight and watch the mountains how they change their color as the light grows bright, until the first glint of the sun touches their tops, and then the brightness steals slowly down their rugged sides, till every tree and boulder is touched and relieved by it i don't associate much with the other birds ; i believe they consider i put on airs, and am generally speaking stuck up ; but i can't help that. fact is that after the experience i have had of the vicissitudes of life, and the play of human passions, our existence here seems some what tame. now why is that? i was only a looker on ! still i suppose, with life as at chess, the onlookers see most of the game, and cannot help identifying themselves with the players. yesterday about noon i was musing on these things, wondering how clara was getting on and whether she missed me much. thinking how surprised they would all be when i turned up some morning, fresh of plumage and strong of beak ; no longer the querulous invalid i was when i left. i wonder if the bouncer is married yet; if blooinington has been hanged -- i had got this far in my meditations when i noticed a traveller approaching the tree i was sitting on. he was sunburned, dirty, and travel stained. he cast himself down beneath the limb i was perched on and muttered a pious wish concerning the performance of a surgical opera tion on his throat that i will not repeat. then he pulled out a short pipe, and commenced a sullen smoke. years and years ago, that figure had sat beneath me, dressed almost the same as now, but very different in other respects, for i had one answer to my musings: bloomington had not been hanged but was sitting there on the grass, an outcast, tired of the life he still sought to re tain. i watched him with a greater feeling of pity in my heart than ever i felt for man before. he   sat there puffing grimly his day pipe, and staring at the grass, thinking god knows what wretched bitter thoughts. seeing, perhaps, two faces ever before him: one, beautiful, proud, and hard, always hard to him ; the other, plainer, commoner, but still the remains of a bright faced girl, wearing now the white look of death. presently he stretched himself at full length on the grass and put the pipe back in his pouch. nature was kind and sent a sound sleep to visit him, and make him forget for awhile the haunt ing dread that tracked him day and night i hopped down to the ground and approached him. how changed he was ! he had always been a common-looking man, but in his prosperous days he had cared for himself and taken some pride in looking neat and well dressed. now he was as wicked a looking tramp as one could see in a month's journey. poor devil ! i did feel for him, and i watched him as he slept, thinking how muoh better it would be for him if he never awakened. he stirred uneasily once or twice and muttered to himself in that unnatural tone that sleeping men use. i went nearer and caught the name—his wife's! he repeated it once or twice, and then with a start awoke, and half sprang up. i was startled at his sudden movement and fluttered a few paces away. he glared round, half terrified, and at last caught sight of me, and we looked at each other. of course he did not remember me, but there must have been something in my appearance that reminded him of the past, for i saw a soft look steal over his face, and he said, " maggie," very gently, more to himself than to me. i could not help it, i went straight up to him, to his intense surprise, and perched on his hand when he extended it to me. goodness knows what he thought of, but after stroking my head softly for a few moments he put me away, covered his face with his hands, and fairly burst out crying. it was a painful sight, poor forlorn wretch ! i nearly kept him company in his tears. at last he jumped up hastily and, neither looking at me nor noticing me more, picked up the swag he was carrying and strode away. i made up my mind to return to society. when. i saw the house once more, the garden that held my little treasures, the very gate-post seemed a thing of beauty and a joy, and i could have wept over the flower-beds. it was evening, just between sunset and dark, and i alighted in the verandah and approached the open frenoh-light. i thought i heard a voice, speaking in a low tone inside, so i just peered cautiously round the corner, and what do you think i saw ? master david nevil standing next the table, holding both clara's hands and looking down into her eyes, as though he couldn't make out what color they were. it was a striking tableau and i admired it intensely. i watched them silently, and saw nevil draw her towards him and say, " well!" as though he was waiting for an answer ; and clara looked down at the carpet, and the tip of her little foot just protruded from underneath her dress, and pre tended to draw away from him, and looked so pro vokingly pretty that i wonder nevil didn't kiss her at once. so she coquetted with her answer just to prolong the situation until she saw he really was getting impatient, and then of course she said " yes," and as she did so i flew into the room and tried to say," bless you, my children!" but my voice was choked with emotion and i broke down in my attempt, and so did clara, for she left her lover—yes, she did—and rushed to me, and said " maggie !" in such a tone of de light that i'll never say a word against human nature for the future. " dear old maggie ; fancy you coming back at last; oh how i have missed you !" and my little girl made such joy over me that nevil got quite jealous. there ! i won't say any more about that scene; it was simply a grand old time, and worth under going six months' exile to have over again. when we settled down a little and got calm, and clara had finished petting me, i allowed her to devote a little attention to nevil; and of course, with the perversity that always charac terises the dealings of providence, jack came in and stopped proceedings. good old jack ! he was glad to find me there; he didn't gush over me as the bouncer subsequently did, but he looked at me as though my presence brought back old times, scenes, and places that were very dear to him ; and there was, or i am much mistaken, a dash of moisture in his eyes. i suppose you think that the bouncer was glad to see me ; well, she pretended to be, but i suspect her very much. i find l am in time for the wedding, as she is to be married in a fortnight i slept in one of my old roosts, and in the morning went round and inspected all my little hoards and found them secure. the butcher's dog was still to the fore, and an old black cat, a great enemy of mine, had taken up a position in our garden that showed how my presence was needed. it's nice to get back to civilisation after an outside life ; nicer to watch clara's happy face than the sullen visage of a sleeping murderer ; and that reminds me: mrs. bloomington is, i find, living down in sydney. she left a few days after my flight. chapter xxxiv. winter time within the tropics. the great plains that have been scorched and withered under the summer heat are now covered with herbage and grass. all day the sun shines from out a pure clear sky that has no fleck of cloud upon its broad expanse ; and at night men roll themselves in extra blankets, and firewood be comes a thing of importance. for months dun wick has been fretting with impatience, and chafing at the delay ; and blount still says "no ; wait for the winter and armstrong's return;" for   the latter is away, stocking some new country his employers have taken up, and dunwick and he have not yet met. dunwick has pestered blount with questions until the latter thinks that all the gold and opals in the world would not repay the infliction. over and over again he haa had to assure his guest that the darkness prevented him noticing the surroundings, and that there might have been a dozen peaks in the neighborhood without his seeing them, and that, as for creeks, such things were unknown in that region. how differently the two men look forth at their sur roundings day after day ! to one it is simply country that holds possible wealth ; to the other it is the shrine of nature in her grandest mood ; complete solitude. who can tell the awful feel ing of isolation that encompasses a man who spends a lonely night on the great waterless inland plains? nothing but the deepest hush, the most intense silence, and overhead as sole com panions the changeless stars. if ever a true conception of infinity could be conceived by human mind it would be out there. on every side of you stretches a dull dead flat that fades in darkness and obscurity ; and above are the beautiful sentinels of night, that in the desert seem to shine with a life and brilliance unknown in a populated region. death seems nothing; immortality but a step distant; and life a dream of the past that well deserves the cynic's sneer. to blount these thoughts came often, and the tired man of the world turned from the companion that had been thrust upon him to find compensation in communion with nature. both men had drained the wine of life deeply, but one atill hankered after the fleshpots of egypt; while the other, wearied and satiated, looked for nothing but the time when he might solve in a new life the vexed problem of existence. dunwiok and his host were sitting in the thatched verandah of their primitive dwelling one evening, when the near tramp of a horse coming round from the opposite side of the house attracted their attention. "armstrong, i bet;" said blount, starting up; " none of the men are out." almost as he spoke, the rider appeared, and dismounted at the end of the verandah. it was the man expected. he shook hands with blount and then saw dunwick for the first time. the recognition was mutual, as blount saw. " you know each other i think," he said, as their hands just touched. " i think we do," returned armstrong mean ingly, and turned round to his horse. blount called a black boy to unsaddle and turn the noble steed out, and armstrong sat down in the verandah. " well," said blount, after the usual remarks about the weather and other interesting topics had been made, " we have been waiting for you to prosecute our opal discovery; it's a good time of year to go out, will you come ?" "of course ; that's partly why i came up to see you; when can we arrange to go ?" "at once, i think ; you are not busy down at your plaoe?" " no! can spare a forthnight for that matter; but we sha'n't want that amount of time." " no; i reckon four days will be ample." as he said this blount got up and left the verandah, and the two were alone. "you scarcely expected to see me here," said dunwick afker an awkward silence. "scarcely," returned the other. "let's see, the last plaoe we met was in south america, was it not?" "yes, but i think i received a communication from you in this country." " which i deeply regret, and nothing but the circumstances i was then placed in made me send it" " it was a costly answer," said dunwiok grimly; " but you had me in your power." " i had, and confess i made use of it to extri cate myself from an awkward fix. now i will make amends, by trying my best to aid you in this matter. " amends !" echoed dunwick, starting up ; " when—as you know—l had to leave america, a fugitive from justice, my crime was light com pared to that i committed to avoid the exposure you threatened." " god knows i have deplored it often ; but it was my only resource at that time, and the man who " he stopped, for the relationship of the people in question suddenly struck him. "go on," said dunwick, " i can guess it. you were in the hands of my son-in-law, who is now skulking the gallows somewhere. between suoh old friends as we are, we may drop ceremony." blount at this instant returned, so the con versation dropped. " what do you say to to-morrow ?" he said to armstrong. " i am agreeable ; the sooner the better i think." " well then we'll say to-morrow. now let's see what the cook has done for us in the shape of a feed." the next morning saw the three men, with pack-horses laden with water, starting out for their trip in search of the opal field. almost at the same moment, hundreds of miles away, nevil was presenting a case contain ing the stone that had been found on the last excursion to the girl who hod promised to be his wife. clara took it, and looked at the gem that seemed to be shot through with gleams of orange light "they say that opals are unlucky," she said, looking up at her lover. " superstitious little woman, wear it in order to prove the belief wrong." clara shut the case up. " i'll wear it, but, do you know, i don't like it i'm not superstitious, but that stone seemed alive when i looked at it at first" "the test of a good opal," returned nevil laughingly, and in five minutes clara had forgot ten her superstitious feeling. away out almost beyond the western boundary of the colony, the three men were looking for the spot where the stone had been found. they first made for the point where they had struck the river on their return from the dry country. this they easily found. then, as they had been running an average west to east course, they had only to determine the distance in order to bring them close to the locality. this was hard to do as the pace during the night had been very unequal they decided on calculating at   about three miles and a half per hour; so, filling up the water-bags, they started on their search. they travelled all night, expecting that they would reach the desired locality about daylight. armstrong and blount took it in turns to ride ahead, the other two driving the horses after them. twelve miles of downs country being passed over, they found themselves amongst the spinifex and low bloodwood trees that betokened the great waterless desert. through this weird looking forest, under the rays of a setting moon, the explorers rode until the time that they had allowed themselves was up. daylight, and they were certainly not in the place where they had camped on the night they found the opal neither blount nor armstrong expected that they would be ; dunwick, who was no bushman, was disappointed. the cold was great just before sunrise, and the horses had not suffered at all for want of water. blount reckoned they had a good twenty four hours before them to prosecute the search. close to where they had stopped there was a slight depression—a small plain covered with bluebush ; in amongst this they hobbled their horses, taking fresh ones to ride during the day. the sun was some two hours high by the time the camp was arranged and everything fixed. " what's the order of the day ?" said armstrong as they stood ready to mount. " one go north, one south, and one west ?" "yes," replied blount, "i think that's the best thing to do." " i'll go north then, you go south, and dun wick west." " it's no good going more than two miles away, and we must agree not to stop away more than six hours ; if we find nothing we'll shift camp and try further on." it was a strange scene, in that desert forest, the three men, standing by their horses, on the edge of the prickly spinifex, exchanging a few parting words ere going on the search for wealth. blount was perhaps the only one to appreciate it. from the day when a boy ensign he was dragged half dead out of the bloody ditoh in front of the redan, up to the night when he and nevil nearly learnt the great secret, life had no charms for him save in excitement, and this strange quest was the very thing to stir that chord of his nature. he looked at dunwick curiously ; the man seemed so eager that he could scarcely listen to the directions armstrong was giving him. blount had none of this lust for gold—he got into his saddle and, with a farewell wave of the hand, they parted and soon lost sight of each other. (to be continued.)   the price op poetry.—lt is related that a gentleman recently took to mr. bryant a copy of an early edition of hi« poems, with the request that the poet would put hia autograph in it. he incidently mentioned that he had paid $5 for it. " why," said mr. bryant, " that's more than i got for the copyright" but "templetod," writing to the hartford oourant, notes several instances of better compensation to poets. he says, longfellow did not get 94000 ($2o per line) for " the hanging of the crane." he got $1000. it waa originally offered to the atlantic monthly, and accepted, at a compensation of $250. then bonner made the author an offer of $1000 for a poem of this length for the ledger; the pub* ushers of the atlantic, appreciating the circum stance*, released it to the author. he received $300 in addition for the use of it for pohlio reading purposes before it appeared in print. the cornhill magazine'» compensation for tenny son's "tithonus" was $7 50 per line, and the nineteenth century paid him $12*50 per line for "the revenge." some of the best of long fellow's earlier poems were sold to qraham't magazine for small sums. except the knicktr* bocktr, which did not pay much, and for which longfellow did not write, there were then no other periodicals that paid for poetry. the boston mitcellany, which lowell edited, bad the disposition to do this ; but it did not live long, and had little means while in existence. from $50 to $100 used to be paid men of established reputation for poems for anniversary occasions, when societies had the means. dr. holmes' longest poem, " urania—a rhymed lesson," was given before the mercantile literary association of boston. he was at first not inclined to write it, but was startled by the magnificent offer of $200, and felt that he could not afford to neglect uuch an opportunity. it occupied nearly an hour in its delivery. longfellow and- whittier have realised considerable sums from their poems in book form, making probably more than do their publishers. longfellow'b most profitable book was " hiawatha," which a controversy between publisher and critics gave an extraordinary sale on its first appearance. wbittier's " snow bound " also sold largely, as did longfellow's "the hanging of the crane," especially in a holiday edition. tennyson received a very handsome sum from bis boston publishers for his " enoch arden," and his books sell best of all in america, while it is said that longfellow* have the largest popularity in england. the sale of holmes' poems is considerably larger than that of lowell, but falls below the sales of longfellow and whittier.— new york evening pott. " miss havisham."—charles dickens, as every one knows (says truth), went to real life for nearly all, if not quite all, his characters. even the most unlikely of his creations —miss hav isham in " great expectations"—had a prototypo in the fleah, who is still alive, and whose name, though not in that capacity, was brought before the public the other day in connection with a squabble which has agitated " society " in vent nor. this is a certain miss dick, who lives at madeira vale, a tract of land covered with gardens and villas, lying between yentnor and bonchurch. it is many years since she was young, and then she had a romance which did not meet with the approval of her mother. the love affair was broken off, but the young lady accompanied the act of filial duty by a declaration that she would go to bed and never get up again. and bbc kept her word. the years have come and gone and the house has never been swept or garnished, the garden is an overgrown taui;u', nnd the eccentric lady has b[>ent twenty yearn l>. tween the sheet?. charles dickens, i rruieuilei, ui-ed to btay at ventnor a good deal iv tlu*e days, and so unique an episode wa3 not lost upon him.       chapter xxxv maggie's secret.   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   chapter xxxv. "maggie's secret."   by "dramingo."   i am contented now; it seems that there is nothing left for me to do in life but fold my wings and pass quietly to a peaceful grave. after clara is married i intend to devote the   whole of my attention to the study of meta physics. i have come to the conclusion that it will be a study of a soothing and satisfactory nature ; tending to make a magpie dissatisfied with this world and anxious for the next; which is a consummation devoutly to be wished. i think metaphysics will be particularly adapted to the peculiar bent of my mind—the peculiar bent of my mind tending, as perhaps the reader has already noticed, towards analysis of chsracter: if the reader has not noticed this, it is due to the reader's obtuseness. i like going into the origin of motives. i should like to prove that bloomington was a good man, but owing to an unhappy conjunction of circumstances, coupled with a slight squint, he developed into a first- class villain. the bouncer and i have renewed hostilities. i saw there was no help for it, and accepted the situation at once ; and i'll say that for agatha: she frankly met me half way. it came about as follows :—agatha and bob were talking—we'll put it that way—out in the verandah one even ing, and i was roosting close to them, when they annoyed me—l won't say how; perhaps by being too demonstrative, or too gushing, or too affectionate—but i thought it my duty to inter fere, and i did. blood followed—not mine. bob was indignant at my interference at a critical moment—he was just snatching the fearful joy of a stolen kiss from the bouncer's lips—and tried to chastise me, which of course i resented; and clara had to come and interfere. now i know the reason of the fuss : the bouncer had just asked a favor—well not a favor, but made a slight re quest—and bob, with the coy manner that characterises men at tbe engaged period of their lives, had hesitated about consenting, under a slight toll; and just then i came in, and hence the row. really it was time we had a row of some sort; everything is going too smoothly. the course of true love is running in an exactly opposite manner to that suggested by shakespere. jack and mrs. mortmain, agatha and bob, clara and nevil; really it is too much to see them all   so abominably contented with themselves and their surroundings, and not able to make some disturbance somehow. i hope nevil is happy; he looks so, and he ought to be ; and if he does not make my little girl the same there will be another death to chronicle in this veracious history ; and i'll be the murderer. i am still in doubt as to my feelings as regards bloomington. the last time i saw him he looked so wretched and miserable that i pitied him; now on calmer consideration i retract a good deal of that pity ; i find i can't afford to waste it on anybody but myself. i am rather neglected ; it's natural, but still i can't help feeling it. coming back after a solitary sojourn in the wilderness i cannot help noticing greatly the small and petty failings of you men and women ; they jar on me more. now that the first gush of my return is over i think clara is not improved ; the bouncer has decidedly fallen away from what was never a high standard; and i'm quite sure jack has deteriorated sadly. well, never mind, l am bound to spend the rest of my days amongst them after all the trouble i had for so many years. it struck me suddenly after writing the above that it must be that this change in my people is imaginary. l am discontented because every, thing has happened that i wanted to happen ; all things are working together as though i was holding the reins myself, and in consequence i am, after the fashion of this world, disgusted that it is so. i remember anticipating this en gagement of clara's, and thinking how i should enjoy it; and now that it is an accomplished fact i don't feel altogether satisfied : don't feel the void filled up as it should be. this discon tentment, this disgust with life and its surround ings, is growing upon me, i notice ; i thought my trip in the bush had cured me, but it hasn't. yesterday morning i was in one of my dis agreeable moods, noticing everything and finding fault mentally with it. not even the sight of the well- appointed breakfast table with the smiling faces round it could give me any joy. clara looked very nice too; she always does in the morning, and i think that the greatest charm any girl can possess. she looks always so fresh and—and—well i'm at a loss for a word to express my meaning: she's like a flower just opening, with the kiss of the night-dew still lingering on her dainty cheek. well, as i said before, even this did not put me in a satisfied frame of mind; i was savage at nothing in par ticular. said the bouncer, as she finished her third yes, her third—egg: "i wonder we don't hear from mrs. bloomington." " i had a letter yesterday," returned clara. "and you never told me?" cried the bouncer in a tone of disgust. "i have not had the opportunity yet," re marked clara mildly ; " you were out last night, if you remember." "what does she say?" "very little. she is unwell, she says; does not care for sydney, and is anxious about her father, from whom nothing has been heard for months." "where did he go! i forget," said the bounoer. " somewhere out west, on business." jack had been glancing over the morning paper during this conversation, and now looked up, remarking that as usual there was nothing in it he dropped it on the ground, and i hopped up and inspected it. i saw a paragraph that had escaped his eyes. " from a western correspondent we learn that a valu able discovery of opals has been made some distance beyond the herbert. nothing definite is known yet, but it is reported that three men are now out examining the locality." why i took notice of this i can't say. i re membered something in connection with it, but what i could not clearly recall. jack meanwhile was asking clara about mrs. bloomington; in fact betraying too much interest altogether. i believe that the old fool is soft there! he expressed the deepest sympathy with her lonely situation, and if bloomington were only hanged would i believe go down and offer her his hand at once. but bloomington is not hanged yet, nor at all likely to be, i fancy. i could give the police a little information if they liked ; but i suppose they would be too proud to accept it from a magpie. so mrs. mortmain need not be alarmed yet for jack. james is developing into a decent sort of a fellow, i believe, under the influence of bush life and good companionship. clara is always pitying him up there by himself; but she is such a little baby ; she'd pity a blaokfellow. i think he'll be much happier where he is than in a town. after jack was gone, the girls went into the delicate subject of dress. the near approach of the bouncer's marriage rendered this a matter of serious importance, and it was handled with due solemnity. i like to watch agatha at these times. to see the look of proud complacency that steals over her face as she contemplates a piece of white silk is worth large sums of money. she was in the midst of her joy when nevil came in. with a kind spirit of fellowship agatha made some excuse to go upstairs to her mother, and nevil— who seemed rather put out—was left alone with his promised bride. i said he seemed put out: and evidently clara thought so too, for after a bit she got as down cast as he was, from sheer sympathy i suppose. " fact is," he said hurriedly at last, " i have got an unexpected call to sydney on business, and the boat leaves at 1 to-day, so i have come to say good bye for a week." " how sudden i" cried clara, " why you knew nothing of it last night" " no, i had not opened my letters. l am going down on a very painful errand, and would avoid it if i could ; but i must go through with it" " may i know what it is ?" she said coaxingly. "when i come back ; trust me till then." trust him ! she had no idea of anything else; poor little simple clara, she never for an instant imagined concealed motives anywhere. my little girl was born to be taken in all her life. they stood by the open window, talking for   some time the usual nonsense you men and women talk ; and then he said good- bye. it was not a very passionate parting. clara was not the girl you could get passionate over ; she was too straightforwardly good. you could only do as nevil did, take her face between his hands, and turn it up, so that the honest eyes looked into his. poor clara! there were tears in them, as she returned her lover's kiss. certainly he was only going away for a week, but it was very sudden. agatha returned soon after nevil's departure ; and was immediately expressing her surprise at the news. " mr. nevil going down to sydney, suddenly," then she paused—"and mrs. bloomington un well ! 0 i" there was not much in this remark, but it sounded disagreeable, and clara felt it so i am sure; but she wisely refrained from an answer. now i had not stretched my wings for some time, so at 1 i flew down to the wharf to watch the steamer depart i like watching a crowded steamer leave a wharf. there's such a queer mixture of humanity to be found on her decks. the old hands taking parting nips with innumer able friends who keep turning up in a surprising sort of way, always too late for the last round. the young girls going down to schools in the southern colonies, and the old girls going down on business or pleasure ; always a priest or a clergyman stalking up and down the deck by himself—why does a parson always look so lonely in a orowd !—and always a southern-bound man from some outside district, whose sunburned hands and face testify to his occupation. well, there were all these on board, and many more. jack was down to see nevil off, and i saw them go away by themselves to the stern and begin talking earnestly. i flew down and perched on the awning just above their heads. " can't be helped," jack was saying ; "i'd do it, but i can't get leave." " i must go through with it," returned nevil "but it's a very disagreeable task." " i suppose the letter contained no further in formation ?" "no : just a few lines written in his note book, that he sent in in a hurry." " and that's the end of it all. well, i suppose it was to be. in this case, at least, we are blame less." "i have helped the matter on, but i can scarcely be held to blame for that," said nevil. "no. how could you have done anything else ? it is the fortune of war." " do you know, jack," said nevil after a pause, " that if my soul had to pass into an inanimate object, i should like to be the figure-head of a vessel i" " what on earth put that into your head ?" " i don't know ; but it must be grand to be always fronting the waves; taking their blows and buffets calmly, and rising after each one with the same unmoved countenance, always looking ahead." " and how jolly to hear the shrieks and yells of despair, on some stormy night, when hope was gone, and you knew that behind you lives were being lost every minute; and you were there, fastened down, to wait until your turn came to make the final plunge i" said jack. "not very nice i admit; but it would be worse to have a good fight going on behind your back, to hear the shots and blows, and know your own men getting wonted; to have to " "that's the third bell," interrupted jack: " awfully sorry i can't hear the whole of your poetical image, but work it out on the trip; it only wants elaborating. good-bye." jack turned and went ashore, and i flew for ward. sitting rather apart from the other passengers, not showing and not courting notice, was a shabbily dressed man. if he had had red hair, i should have said it was bloomington ; but as he hadn't i should say that it was some body who bad stolen bloomington's figure. you may deceive a man, but you can't a bird ; we go by instinct i did not go ashore when the others did. the steamer cast off, and was shortly steaming down the river, and then my friend in the steerage got up and began to walk about a little. of course i was not deceived ; it was the man himself. " fancy those two going down in the same steamer together!" i thought as i flew ashore : "it's as neat a situation as i ever heard of."   chapter xxxvi. then death had great pity. thought he, "it were sweet, if instead of awaking, once more to meet fresh toil to-morrow, on aching feet. he should slumber all care away." he arose and his face was an angel's face; he bent his head—in an instant's space the soul of that sleeper had passed to grace; death kissed him there, where he lay. the sun was due north when blount returned to the rendezvous at the bluebush flat, unsuc cessful in his search. all the morning he had wandered through low forest and spinifex with out seeing a trace or token of the place where they had camped on the night he found the opal; evidently, the direction that had fallen to his lot was not the right one. he let his horse go and made up the camp fire ; there was no sign of his companions. he made some tea and had some thing to eat, then lay back smoking, thinking of the strange position he was in, and wondering what the upshot would be. about 3 armstrong came back. "i found the place !" he remarked as he dis mounted. " and the opals?" said blount. " deuce a sign of anything could i see." " you are sure you were at the right place ?" "no doubt! you remember raking the stones away to get an even place to lie down on; and my setting fire to a tuft of spinifex. there's not been a fire over the ground since, and both marks are still visible." " what sort of a place is it by daylight ?' " very little different to all the rest of the country; there seems to be a slight rise, or rather a reef of some different kind of rock, mixed with the sandstone, but, not being a geologist, i can't name it" " no water, of course ?" " no, and i think it very little good going out there again, unless it is to satisfy dunwick." "i wish he would turn up; i am getting anxious about him."   " he's no bushman i know, but he'll be no loss to society if he does not turn up again." " probably not; i don't like him myself, but that's nothing to do with us; we must see him through in this matter. what did you know of him before ?" armstrong was by this time seated on the ground, satisfying an appetite that a long ride in the clear wintry air had developed to its utmost. " i knew him years ago in south america," he replied in the pauses of eating bread and beef, " and his handsome daughter as well; she's a self-possessed young lady i" " very good looking?" " yes, as one poor fellow out there found to his cost—a young french engineer ; she played with him for her own amusement till i suppose she wanted a fresh toy ; and then well, he took it to heart, being young and foolish, and shot himself. i met her riding with her father, about half-an-hour after it was known ; i turned and rode back with them, and i never saw her in such high spirits, or knew her more genuinely agree able." " what made them come here ?" " it's a bad story, and i'm bound to hold my tongue, owing to an unfortunate act of mine when i was hard up last year. but it does not seem to have benefited them much, for they were very poor before this marriage." " what's the time by your watch!" said blount suddenly changing the subject. "nearly 5, and if dunwick does not turn up soon he'll have a cold night of it, for it will be dark by 6, and he won't find us then." darkness fell, and dunwick had not appeared. the horses were getting thirsty, and the two men had but little sleep, what with keeping a fire blazing and watching their horses. when daylight dawned they put in execution the plan they had matured during the night. they had sufficient water with them to give one horse a good drink, and still have some left. dunwick was evidently lost, and the only chance was to track him up. armstrong was the best tracker of the two, so he would remain and do it, with one horse, whilst blount took the others back to water, filled the water-bags, and came back. " i don't suppose i shall get back before day light to-morrow," said blount, as he prepared to start ; " the horses will go from here to the water without any trouble, but coming back will be a different thing, and i shall have a job ; so don't reckon on me before to-morrow morning." armstrong had been writing on a leaf of his note-book; he now tied it to his handkerchief, and fastened it in a conspicuous position on a bush. " i've told him to wait here, and under no cir cumstances to leave the camp again," he said ; " but i don't think he will turn up whilst we are away." armstong helped bis friend a short distance until the horses settled down on their outward track, and strung on steadily, then he left to try and track dunwick. blount reached the river about 9, the horses having travelled pretty fast for the last ten miles, knowing they were going to water. a spell of a couple of hours was absolutely necessary before starting back ; and the sun was low ere blount got fairly on his way to where he had parted from armstrong. as he had anticipated, he had a very difficult job. the horses were hungry and tired, and the progress he made was very small. all he could do was to keep them going slowly in the right direction all night. once off the downs and in the spinifex country he got on better, as the horses did not try to stop and feed ; but at daylight he was still some distance from the camp. during the night he had got off the tracks, so, tying the horses up to await his return, he rode north, and in about half-a-mile cut the trail. he came back, took the horses up, and in an hour's time reached the camp. no one had been near it since he left; not even a crow had found its way so far into the lonely wilderness. nothing for it but to wait; and he let the horses go and flung himself down to seek companionship from man's faithful friend, a pipe of tobacco. two long hours, that seemed like days, passed over, during which he started up constantly with every sense strained to the utmost; then he heard a sound in the distance, and saw a man approaching on foot it was armstrong. blount picked up a small water-bag, and went to meet him. armstrong put his lips to the bottle-neck that formed the mouth of the bag, and drank long and deeply before speaking. "no luck, he said, when he had satisfied his thirst " i stuck to his tracks all day yesterday, and at night i had to short-hobble and tie my horse up, for he would not stay by himself ; so this morning he knocked up, and i had to walk back. fortunately the tracks had been working round in a circle, so i had not so very far to make back here." " and you have no idea what has become of him!' "i am afraid it's a case. he still had his horse where i left the track; and, if he husbands the water he had with him, we may yet find him alive. but we must hurry; the days are so short now.' hastily catching two fresh horses, they started to go to where armstrong had left the track; armstrong riding barebacked, as he had left his saddle on the trail where his horse knocked up. silence and stillness settled down over the camp, and reigned all night, broken only by the snort of a horse or the clink of a hobble chain ; and when morning came the solitude was complete. neither of the men had returned ; and the horses, left to their own devices, had started in hobbles back to the water. dunwick, on leaving his companions, had kept a fairly western course by the compass for two or three miles ; then he commenced zigzagging, in order to cover more ground, and, not finding anything, after some hours turned to go back to camp ; but he never reached it. in riding back wards and forwards he had got out of his reckon ing altogether, and the terrible monotony of the low forest he was in, and utter absence of land marks, completely puzzled him. had he on first finding this out, whilst his hone had still some thing left in him, made back for the river, which he was bound to strike on an easterly course, he might have saved himself; but this never occurred to him. on fully realising the fact that he was bushed he lost heart and nerve, and started on an aimless random search   after the camp, every step of which took him more completely astray. then night came on, cold and clear. he had matches with him, and a little water sill left in his waterbag. he fastened his horse up, and made a fire, and passed a miserable night of fear and discomfort. morn ing broke. his wretched horse, tied to a tree throughout a oold night, hungry and thirsty, gave in after a few hours ; and now he was in deed alone. if he had thought, had reasoned at all, he would have waited there trusting to his comrades to follow his track, but he was com pletely unnerved, and terrified at his position. still, in the same aimless purposeless manner, he rambled off on foot, with every step put ting a greater distance between himself and succor. towards evening blount and armstrong were at the place where he had abandoned his horse, and then they gave up all hope. over the bare hard desert ground, amongst the unbending spiky spinifex, it was almost impossible to track a man on foot, when every hour meant life and death, and was pre cious accordingly. patiently and untiringly they worked on so long as the light lasted, and then camped to await daylight. they had taken the precaution to bring blankets to cover their horses with, in order to eke out their strength as much as possible ; the men themselves sat smoking over a small fire, or indulged in short naps, till the long dark hours were over. meanwhile the man they were in search of wandered on, finding no change in the everlast ing desolation that surrounded him, no hope, no chance of succour. that night the solitude was too much for him ; he was getting thirsty, too, and fancy was playing him strange tricks. he kept hearing voices, but when he called in answer somebody seemed to laugh mockingly. once he thought he saw a fire and made for it; there were men sitting round it, three of them ; still he did not dare to show himself, but crawled up cautiously to watch them. it was real this time, he thought, not another delusion ; he could hear them convers ing ; they were talking about men being lost in the bush, and dying alone by themselves, with foul carrion birds watching them, and stealthy dingoes sniffing about. one man told a story, how a helpless wretch lay thus, and the horrible crows kept coming nearer and nearer, growing bolder and bolder, as they got used to the feeble movements that terrified them at first; and how the ants found him out ere death, and filled his mouth and ears with their spiteful myriads. and as he listened to all this be got so terrified that he rushed for ward crying to them, and all was darkness and silence. then he knew that he was going mad. he threw himself down on the ground, and tried to think and reason calmly, but the loneli ness overwhelmed and tortured him, so that he had to jump up and start away again. and now he was no longer alone; a man with a wet draggled blanket over his shoulders, with a bloody smear on one temple, kept standing in front of him. he oould not see the face, for it was averted, but he knew it was his brother's. the most complete solitude lasting through centuries would be better than this. he turned to rush another way, but the figure was everywhere, and he could not avoid it. all through that night, under the pure glittering stars that shone above so mock ingly serene and calm, that figure accom panied him; with morning it vanished. in the glad daylight his tortured brain grew calmer, the gloomy horrors of the solitary dark ness faded away, and he could think more calmly. he was weak, tired, and thirsty; would it not be better to lie down and die quietly—to give up at once ? he thought he would go on a little fur ther first, and for nearly an hour he staggered on. just as he stopped he saw a clear space a short distance ahead. he struggled on, and found a small blue-bush flat; beyond were trees of a dif ferent foliage to those surrounding him, and he made towards them. the flat formed into a small creek or watercourse; and, as he ap- proached, a huge eagle-hawk rose and flapped heavily away. there was water there, then ! at the bottom of a small clayey hole was a little muddy fluid—putrid and stagnant— barely a gallon of it; but he threw himself down on his face, and drank greedily. and the eagle- hawk sat on a blasted coolibah tree, and watched him. his thirst satisfied, he lay down on the bank exhausted. soon he was seized with violent vomiting, that left him weaker than ever. he drank more cautiously afterwards, sucking the foul water through his handkerchief ; then he mustered up strength to look around. the little watercourse soon lost itself in another flat; but just to his right there was a change in the sameness of the desert, and a bold jutting rock was visible ; beyond it a slight rise, a peak or small knob. urged on by some strange feeling he could not account for, he mustered up his energies and went towards it. beyond he saw another little watercourse, brief and shallow as the one he had just left, and beyond it again another small rise, surmounted by a rock. it flashed across him—the words of the diary : "two rocks, two peaks, two creeks." he was standing on the very spot, and at his feet was the wealth he had sighed for and sinned for. down at the foot of the small slope was an out crop of quartz, and he went to it; on the peak across the creek was the same ; and after a care ful examination he found in both indications of gold. he was so weak that he could not break much off, but after a little toil he detached a large piece, and succeeded in smashing it up. it was wonderfully rich; in several places the bits of stone refused to come apart, being held to gether by thin threads of gold. both out crops seemed equally rich. during the ex citement caused by this disoovery, he had almost forgotten the horror of his position ; suddenly he remembered it. at his feet was untold wealth ; just ahead of him, waiting for him, was death. he had found it but to lose it then hope grew strong within him ; blount, armstrong—good men and true—would follow and find him ; he had only to wait and live, then they would come. little did he know how his friends, tired and dispirited, were wearily follow ing and tracking his frantic doubles and eccentric rambles of the last twelve hours ! " i give it up," said armstrong at last "we must go on spec," said blount; " it's impossible to track him, i admit; it's all bare rock almost. let's quarter the country round   about; he can't surely be far away; he may hear us if we call." they tried for hours, crossing each other, and awakening the desert with shouts such as it had never heard before, but they got no answer. "we must go back to the river, or we shall lose our horses, and we can do nothing then," said armstrong. " this is a strange fix," returned blount "if we go away we shall never find him alive ; if we stay we shall probably remain here altogether." "no doubt of that last. we must have horses to prosecute the search, and horses, even in the winter time, won't live without water; will they, old man?" " no, i see the necessity; but, by god, it seems like deserting a comrade." "it must be done. we shall have to walk back to camp as it is, and i expect all the horses will have cleared out by the time we get there." barely two miles from where this conversation was held dunwick was sitting beside the pool of liquid mud, and the eagle-hawk was still sitting on the withered limb watching him. the sun went down, and one by one the southern con stellations shone out in the cloudless sky, and again the haunted solitary felt the terrors of the desert come thronging around him. again he kept hearing voices talking, and called in answer, only to hear the same weird laughter in reply. again that stooping figure with the ghastly wound on the temple came and sat beside him. sat there silent and still throughout the fearful vigil he had to keep—alone, and lost. when once more the sun sent its warming flush ahead to kindle the eastern sky into a soft smile of welcome, another visitor had oome to the wretched man—had taken pity on him, the kindest pity we poor mortals can receive in this world—had touched him with a touch as gentle as a mother's, as tender as a girl's first love-kiss—had taken him quietly away from out the horrors of a lingering death, and hushed him into the sleep that we hope knows neither dreams nor nightmare. when the eagle-hawk looked down on the lonely man lying on the bank, there was a smile on the set face such as it had never worn in life, there was a look in the half-closed eyes such as no living man looks forth with. the ghosts might come with impunity the following night to mock and jeer at the still cold form ; it was one of themselves now, and heeded them not. afar from its kind, in the deep hush and silenoe of the desert, the guilty soul had gone to render its account to that supreme power that after cen turies of doubt and dispute we can (neither define nor understand. [to be continued.]       chapter xxxvii maggie's secret.   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   chapter xxxvii.   "maggie's secret."   by "dramingo."   if people would only see themselves as others see them what good it might do them! a certain young lady—i won't particularise her by name—remarked that i was a nasty, prying,   curious bird, and that there was no doing any thing in the house since i had come back but that i was watching. now i appeal to an en lightened public as to whether i am not the discreetest of magpies : the secrets that i have not disclosed, why, their name is legion; and yet l am called a prying bird! we are bound to be victims of injustice in this world, and i only hope the bouncer will be forgiven for making suoh a statement about me. james is coming down to be present at agatha's wedding. i suppose i shall have to renew our old hostilities ; i should prefer being friends, but i know the hopelessness of the attempt, so although desirous of peace i am prepared for war. from what i can hear there's been another death out west it seems a remarkable kind of country out there ; always somebody dying, or getting lost, or something. when i commenced this veracious history somebody had just gone under, and now there's another man, no less than mrs. bloomington's father, come to grief. i don't think i ever saw him myself, so don't feel any deep and lasting sorrow on his account; perhaps if i had known him i would not have done so either. the preparations for this marriage are nearly driving me insane. surely other people have been married before; it's not such an unpre cedented event that agatha need make such a fuss about it. between ourselves, bob does not look as happy as he should ; he evidently wishes it was all over. once or twioe he's looked at me as though he would like to take me into his confidence, but he has not had the oourage to do so as yet. perhaps he wants my advice as to a plan of escape ; perhaps he wants to cut and run for it; and my assistance would be invaluable at covering his retreat. nevil arrived in sydney all right, and i sup pose bloomlngion did also; at least i have not heard of his arrest, and i read the papers regularly. i suppose nevil is going to break the news of her father's death to mrs. bloomington ; he need not have gone to the trouble. i admire the way he and jack go on about that woman. do you suppose if she was plain, awkward and uninteresting that they'd make all this fuss ? no; she might go her own way, without their troubling their heads about her. it's the way of the world; let a pretty girl or woman get into trouble or difficulty, and she'll find cham pions at once only too ready to take the part of an interesting damsel. but let the distressed one have a large mouth and a squint, and where are your wilfrids of ivanhoe then ! do you think if rebecca had been fashioned after an ordinary and homely type that the above mentioned gentleman would have bustled up in such a hurry to fight in her cause ? not he! he might have given information to the police, or sent gurth and wamba to tell bois guilbert he'd punch his head next time they met, but that is as far as his devotion would have carried him. i confess to being influenced that way myself ; i don't think i should like clara so well if she were not so nice to look at: although when you are thoroughly used to a person it is very hard to determine whether he or she is good-looking or not. i'm a handsome bird myself ; perhaps that is why i'm partial to beauty. when i get my spring plumage on ; dark glossy black, and pure white; i'm a credit to the magpie tribe. i wonder whether they'll let me be present at the marriage ceremony ; if the bouncer has her way she won't; but i don't intend to be sat upon even by a bride. look here ; i don't often tell secrets; but the way that girl has been going in for reducing the size of her waist lately is beyond a joke. she gets the cook up—a strong able-bodied female standing 5 ft. 9in. to help lace her in tightly ; and i've listened at the door, and heard her gasping for breath during the operation. she shouldn't call me a prying bird, or i would not make these disclosures. james came home yesterday, greatly improved in every way. i believe something will be made out of that youth yet; but he must be kept out of town. i have not quarrelled with him yet. nevil is taking a long time breaking that news to mrs. bloomington ; he's been away nearly a fortnight, and the bouncer's marriage takes place in three days ; and as he is to be bob's best man he'll have to look sharp to be here in time. since i last wrote in this record we have been visited by one of the biggest storms it has been my lot to remember, and i have seen a good many, as you may imagine. this one set in on the day after my penning the last remarks.   first we heard of there being heavy weather along the coast, same time that jack got a telegram from nevil saying that he was about to leave in the kishna. then communication was inter rupted, and we heard no more until we got the storm itself, which had been travelling up the coast to us. it commenced in the evening two days before the bouncer's wedding was to have taken place. all day the dull gray clouds had been driving across the sky at a terrific pace, but in the street we felt little wind. now and again there was a squall; but they were only short, and towards sundown there fell a strange ominous calm, and the clouds got darker and thicker, and seemed to hang lower, almost on the house tops. i was awakened about midnight by the rain, for i was roosting in the verandah ; it just wetted me a little, and i was going to shift my position, when the wind commenced, and next moment i was fairly blown out into the garden. by keeping under shelter of the house i managed to work my way along to the back verandah, and there, drenched and cold, i had to remain until morning. such a storm! sheets of iron were all over the street in the morning, and still the gale showed no sign of abating. the rain drove along nearly horizon tally, and beat in at every window and door. this was the day before the bouncer's wedding day, but under present circumstances it was postponed, and the girls sat in the room looking out at the pouring rain, frightened and anxious. towards noon the wind dropped a little, and for a time there was a lull ; but at night it recom menced, and all through the hours of darkness raged and roared and bellowed so that nobody slept, or thought of sleep. by daylight its strength was nearly spent, and towards 10 o'clock patches of blue sky began to show in the dull leaden monotony of gray that had hitherto usurped the heavens. jack came home to lunch, looking very grave and anxious. then it struck me that the kishna was overdue more than forty-eight hours! it was a very melancholy meal, that luncheon, when there should have been a wedding breakfast. jack evidently tried to keep his spirits up to the proper pitch, but it was so evidently a forced attempt that he had better have given in and been melancholy at once. james was invaluable ; really that six months on a station has made a man of him ; he quite kept the tone of the family up to con versation pitch, and prevented there being an utter collapse. communication was restored along the lines the next day, but in the list of disaster and trouble that poured in there was no mention made of the kishna. the next day passed without any tidings. clara wandered trom room to room unable to stop long in any place. i felt very miserable myself, although i had a great belief that nevil was not born to be drowned, and as events proved i was right. but i am antici pating. that day closed without any news, and the time crept slowly on till bob turned up aboat 9 o'clock. now i saw in a minute that he had heard something ; he could no more conceal it from me than he could fly ; but the other stupids didn't notice it. they sat there and talked and chatted until the girls went to bed ; and then i saw it was coming. bob's face fell at once. "it's all up, old man, i'm afraid. the bowen came in this evening, with fourteen of the crew and passengers of the kishna; the only sur vivors." poor jack ; it was his own tried and old friend that had gone down ; the man to whom he was about to entrust his sister ; and it was scarcely to be wondered if for a few seconds he could hardly find words to reply. at last he spoke, and he had to hesitate before ho could speak distinctly. " any particulars of the wreck?" "very few. she was caught in the gale, and had to heave to. in the middle of the night, a sea broke into the engine-room and put the fires out. before her head could be got to wind, she was nearly swamped by successive waves, and half the crew were disabled or swept overboard. an attempt was made to lower the boats ; but they were all smashed save the one in which the men who were picked up escaped ; and they only got off by a miracle. they said the steamer's lights disappeared half an-hour after they left, but it might have been that from their position they could no longer see her." " they might have got some of the other boats off after these fellows left," suggested james. bob shook his head. " i'm afraid from what the men said there was little hope of that; all the boats on the davits were smashed, and the other two were in-board, and with the sea sweeping over her it would be impossible to get them out. but i have something else to tell you, and that is that amongst the survivors is a child, a little girl, whom you know well ; i did not bring her here to-night, as it would have told the story to the girls ; but i left her with mrs. mortmain." "not mrs. bloomington's niece, ada?" said jack. " yes ; and she says her aunt was on board, and so was nevil." " then there is no hope," said jack. " the child—who seems to have remembered wonderfully well what happened—says that she was with her aunt when nevil came and said that the boat that was then being launched had some chance of living. he picked her up, and watched his opportunity to get to the side with her. she remembered seeing the boat underneath her, and hearing the second mate, who was in charge of it, call out 'now.' then she was dropped and caught by somebody, and the next minute they were a long distance away from the ship, for a big wave swept them apart." " then mrs. bloomington is amongst the lost too ? what a sad fate, coming so soon after her other troubles." bob nodded ; and the three men sat for some time without speaking. "and clara ?" said bob at last. "i think i had better tell her at once," said jack; " certainty is better than anxiety any day but say good-night now ; i'd rather be alone." bob understood him, and with a silent grasp of the hand left ; and james went to bed. jack remained sitting at the table with his head rest ing on his hand thinking of the friend who had been to him as a brother, and was now lying at the bottom of the sea. poor old jack ! i did feel for him, and when i thought of clara, sleep-   ing calmly perhaps, and knew the news that would greet her in the morning, i felt still more. jack must have sat there nearly two hours, almost without moving ; save once when he got up and walked about the room. at last he rose hastily, blew the lamp out, and left the room. nearly a week has passed and there has been no fresh news ; steamers have been out searching for survivors, without success : the sea has got them and keeps them safely till the end of all things. and clara. well, she has astonished me. if i did not know how true her nature was, i should say that she did not care for nevil as i fancied she did. she is taking it too quietly i am afraid ; there's a look of effort about her when she tries to talk that i don't like to see. ada is with us ; clara insisted on it. the child has nearly got over the shock and fright, only, with the unconscious cruelty of a child, she is constantly prattling about nevil, and asking if he will come soon ; of her aunt she scarcely ever speaks. and this is the wedding week, or was to have been; truly the workings of providence are wonderful it has been postponed for three months, and i am certain agatha thinks that worse than the late calamity of nevil's fate. i believe my little girl will break down at last; she's getting so pale and quiet; she can't give up all hope, she still thinks that something may turn up, some more survivors be found ; and it is this that keeps her anxious. truly, as jack said, anxiety is worse than certainty of the worst. ah well, it's an unfeeling thing to wish, but it's a pity nevil did not die out west that time ; it would have saved a lot of bother, and only shortened his life by a couple of years. clara liked him then, but it was a very diflerent thing to what it is now. so everything is at sixes and sevens, and i'm the most miserable of birds. poor clara ; she's just come in, and she thinks she's by herself, and i can see the tears gather ing in her eyes. it almost breaks my heart to watch her; but i believe a good cry would do her good.   chapter xxxviii in the drawing-room in a house in sydney stood nevil waiting, feeling like a man expect ing the signal to start on some hazardous enter prise. at jack's earnest persuasion he had come down to break to mrs. bloomington the tidings of her father's death. danten had an idea that mrs. bloomington was of a delicate and suscep tible nature, apt to be crushed beyond redemption if she received any sudden shock. it is scarcely necessary to say that nevil did not share this opinion ; but he allowed himself to be overruled, and now stood there staring impatiently out of the window, and wishing himself a thousand miles away. the opening of the door and the rustle of a dress told him that he was brought to the scratch, and, feeling slightly confused, he turned to meet the lady. it was an exceed ingly awkward moment, and one that a woman was bound to have the best of. nevil could scarcely lift his eyes to meet the familiar look of his companion, who on her part was as calm as was her wont. with characteristic want of moral courage, he debated in his own mind whether to break his evil news at once or put it off as long as possible. it is needless to state that he decided to put it off as long as possible ; what man would not ? he knew his fair friend too well to expect or fear a scene ; but still it must prove an uncomfortable interview, so the longer it was postponed the better. when people who are intimate with one another try to be conventional it is astonishing how little they can find to talk about; ada however was a good subject for a stand-by, and nevil managed to kill a good deal of time in questions about his little playmate of old. but, put off the evil moment as we may, time will persist in bringing us face to face with it at last; and when mrs. bloomington asked him pointedly if he had any news of her father he felt that now it had come. he told her his news, frankly and openly, as he would have done to a male friend ; and in this showed a just appreciation of her character. she took the tidings even as he expected, calmly, quietly, tearlessly ; only, when he would have left, she asked him to stay, and there was a wist ful look in her dark eyes he could not resist. if the strange fate that seems to delight in cross ing and thwarting our best-laid schemes could have searched the world through for a bait wherewith to tempt a man like nevil, he could not have found one fitter for the task than the proud beautiful woman looking to him for the consolation and aid that their past intimacy authorised her to expect. her late secluded life, and trouble, had lent a softer air to her general expression and manner, had endowed her with more of that clinging weakness that is a woman's most effective weapon. nevil tried to utter some commonplace words of comfort and assurance ; but she stopped him with a ghost of her old scornful smile flitting over her face. " i expected this news," she said ; " for more than a fortnight i have felt that it had happened and when you came here so unexpectedly, i was certain that you were the bearer. what else would have brought you here ?" nevil was silent; the question was too danger ous. he had risen and was standing near her chair, as he had stopped when about to say fare well. she looked up at him ; nature, and months of loneliness, were too strong for latter day resolutions. " why did you keep away from me so pointedly the last time i was in brisbane ?" " was i not right, was it not the best thing to do?" " yes ; but had i been in your place i should not have done so." " you were with good true friends then ; surely you could not think it was wilful neglect on my part." " not wilful ; only studied." nevil frowned slightly with annoyance ; what ever other characteristics mrs. bloomington had displayed, she had been always singularly free from the ordinary unreasonable pettishness of most women ; now she seerned to have suddenly mastered the talent with great success. " you are scarcely just to blame me for what you yourself admit was expedient," he said quietly. " expedient! yes ; you men are perfect   jesuits in your love of the doctrine of ex pediency," she returned quietly. nevil glanced at her with some astonishment "do you not think you had better let me say good-bye for the present ? my visit has disturbed you." "no, don't go yet," she said, rising and putting her hand on his arm; " don't. if you knew what i have gone through these past solitary months you would never notice my hasty words; but l am not as self-controlled as i used to be, and you are right: your visit has disturbed me." he stood irresolute, wondering what he could say ; she seemed to have forgotten the fatal news he had been the bearer of, and to be only anxious to keep him with her a little longer, and as he took the hand she had laid on his arm, and looked down into the longing eyes turned up to his, more than ever did he wish himself a thou sand miles away. " i am so wretchedly lonely here," she sald ; " i have nothing to do but think of the past, and that has been such a fearful mistake that i wonder i don't poison myself, out of pure disgust for having played the game of life so badly ; and i thought myself so clever !" "thinking of the past is of little use," he re turned tritely ; " you have all the future before you." " and of what avail is it! l am neither wife nor widow : people know me out of compassion, or on suffrance : women hate me, because men are fools enough to praise my looks." "travel; go back to england, where nothing can be known of your husband's misdeeds ; and you have friends or relations there i suppose." "none that i would know again ; still there is something in what you say. i may carry out the idea, but not just at present; i have a reason for remaining in australia a little longer. are you returning shortly ?" she went on after a dangerous pause. "at once; by to-morrow's steamer." "could you not stay a week? i have not seen a friend for a long time ; you might spare me a little time." nevil felt bound to say yes ; the touch of the hand that still rested in his, the handsome face, soft with a new expression of tenderness in it, almost resting on his shoulder, were making havoc with his extremely susceptible heart; when a woman's voice was heard in the hall. " no, miss ada, you must not go in there; there's a strange gentleman there." " he's not strange," returned a child's voice petulantly;" i saw his card; it's mr. nevil," and the door was hastily flung open, and ada rushed in, and welcomed him uproariously. to one person at least the interruption was very welcome; only he now found himself obliged to consent to prolong his stay in sydney a little. as he left the house he saw a man talking to the cabman who had been waiting for him during his visit. somehow the figure seemed familiar to him, but he had not time to make sure, for the man, who was poorly and shabbily dressed, hurried away at once on seeing him. as he was being driven back to his hotel, the recollection of this troubled him. " who was that talking to you when i came out ?" he said to the cabman as he gave him half-a-crown over his fare. "i don't know, sir," replied the man; "he walked up, just before you came out, and was very anxious to find out if i knew your name, and who you were calling on." "did you know!" "no, sir; you're a stranger to me, and i never was out at that house afore." " well; remember if you see him again, and if so tell me ; but keep it to yourself ; and you'll find me a good customer while i'm in sydney." the man nodded intelligently, and drove off.   with a few shillings in his pocket, and a constant dread of discovery hanging over his head, bloomington landed in sydney from the same steamer that carried nevil. to say that he was sick and tired of his life would only be the bare truth ; he clung to it only for one reason, one passion that had grown strong on him of late, during his desolate weary journey ings, lonely and outcast. he had nothing to do but brood over the past, and shun his fellow men; and these broodings always pointed to one fact; pointed at it so that he could not shut his eyes to it, or blink the damming evidence that seemed now so plain and unmis takable. his wife had never liked, nay, had hated, him ; that he knew before ; but now he knew that she must have loved the man of all men whom he hated with the hate of hell— nevil. then out of this grew up the strong desire for revenge. his life was forfeit ; it was valueless ; he had drunk the cup of despair to the very dregs, and knew its taste and bitter ness ; but, worthless as his life would henceforth be, he still might use it to tbe accomplishment of his vengeance. he remembered seeing his wife's name in the passenger list of an old paper that fell into his hands once ; and, carrying with him what scanty coin he had saved, and worked for, during his tramp amongst the stations, he went to brisbane, trusting, and wisely, to slight disguise as being the surest. as a steerage passenger in the same steamer that took nevil down he saw his enemy many times on the trip, and laid plot after plot to further his end, but all of them seemed absurd and unattainable. landing, he tracked nevil to his hotel, and haunted the street until he reappeared. he had a few shillings left, and part of these he expended in cab hire, to follow the man he believed had so deeply injured him. he dismissed his cab some distance away when he saw where nevil stopped, and walked up to try and gain some information from the cabman; but in this he was dis appointed, as the man had none to give him. with all his mad passion and desire for revenge, he still remembered one thing, and that helped to make him more reckless. should nevil see and recognise him, he would be the last to deliver him up to justice ; of his wife he felt less sure. (to be continued)   a new method of ornamenting a triumphal arch has just been invented at bangalore, where one of the archei erected on the maharajah's arrival wu " ornamented with looks of women's hair."       chapter xxxix   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   chapter xxxix.   "maggie's secret."   by "dramingo."   and it has come to this, that after saving myself, so to speak, for the aim of my existence namely, the comfortable settlement for life of my little girl clara—everything has broken down   and collapsed. l am a wretched old bird, with scarcely enough heart in me to bite a mouse ; and clara ! well she's a trifle paler and quieter than she used to be, but nobody but one who knows her as well as i do could tell what she really feels. the bouncer has quite recovered; between ourselves she never was at all the worse for it; the postponement of her marriage was the only thing that troubled her, and that won't be put off much longer now ; for it's nearly two months since the wreck of the kishna. we had a visitor the other day ; such a nice fellow ; nevil's partner, who has come in from the station out west to see after nevil's affairs. he seems very cut up about his partner's death, and greatly impressed with clara. he's a good bit older than nevil, but at what i call the proper age for a man, which, of course, corres ponds with my age as a bird. jack likes him very much and took to him at once, which is a good sign, for he's seldom far wrong in his judgment, although he's not a bird. blount— that's his name—has been down here for about a week or ten days, and i notice his visits are getting very regular, and he always contrives to stay a good time. clara too seems to cheer up a little when he comes, and looks brighter alto gether. surely i'm not mistaken in a man : at blount's time of life he wouldn't make a fool of himself i should hope ; particularly after my expressing a good opinion of him : but there's no knowing. it's a true saying for a wonder —for sayings are generally anything but true —that " a man is never too old to make a fool of him self ;" and blount must know very well that clara could not possibly care for anybody again ; she's not the girl to forget such a man as nevil in a couple of months, and master blount had better keep heart-whole, or he'll only be disap pointed. there's been no news of any more survivors having been picked up ; and, practically, we have abandoned all hope. i feel very gloomy when i think of it all. nevil was a favorite of mine from the start, and i confess, in spite of what i said about jack and he being such fools regarding mrs. bloomington, that i had a sneak ing affection for that woman myself. she was so splendidly self-reliant, and had such a glorious disdain for all the little petty arts and tricks that girls like a certain young   lady whose name begins with the first letter of the alphabet indulge in. l am extremely anxious for the next months to pass quickly ; i don't suppose i am more so than agatha ; but it wil be a blessed relief to me when it is all over, and i hear no more of this endless talk about the coming event. and this is the second time i have had to submit to the same thing. if i had a family, i'd engage to pair them all without a fortieth part of the fuss the bouncer is making. aye! and start them in the world into the bar gain. there's that dear esmeralda jones always run ning in and out again now, and i haven't got the pluck left to make life a burden to her when she is in the house. she and the bouncer don't mind me in the least, but talk in the coolest manner possible of all sorts of things. if i told bob what i have heard his fiance confide to esmeralda, it strikes me that she'd never be mrs. bantam : unless he's a bolder man than i take him to be. why i've heard her say that when she is married she intends to do this, that, and the other and have everything as though her husband should have nothing to do but run errands for her and pay bills. i laugh fiendishly to myself: ha! ha ! when i listen to her; will she ? yes, i fancy she'll make a mistake if she imagines that. the beauty of it is that esmeralda, who is a skipping young thing of about the same age as the bouncer, and awfully given to gushing, is making a dead set at blount. he's a very quiet fellow, with rather sleepy-looking eyes, that appear as though they could light up on occasions, how ever ; and he takes her artless advances in such an imperturbable kind of manner that i really think the dear creature believes she has made a conquest. of course in reality he stands it all in order to be able to watch clara, and half the pretty prattle is unheard ; but she does not see that. 0, vanity, vanity! how it blinds us all : even i, a magpie ! am not quite free from it, or was not when i was younger. i remember what a lot of trouble i used to take with my plumage, and how i used to admire myself in a waterhole; and go to roost at night under the impression there was not such another good-looking bird in queensland. and now i care nothing for all these trumpery gauds; although there are not many birds like me i can assure you. well ; it's come, and gone, at last ; agatha danten is agatha danten no longer, and i have lost an object in life. she looked very well as a bride ; rather overpowering you know : made a man admire bob's pluck; but still very nice—much better than i expected. clara was not a brides maid ; she was at the church though, and i saw the ceremony through a window. how agatha tried to look timid and bashful, and esmeralda jones and the other bridesmaids threw anxious glances at her as though they expected her to faint every minute, poor nervous creature ! it was a very imposing ceremony, only bob had a worn and anxious look about him which i did not understand until afterwards. then it leaked out; in his hurry and confusion he had put his boots on the wrong feet; and what with the torture he was suffering, and the fear that somebody would notice it, he had an anxious time of it. l am sorry the explanation could not be made public; for i heard some of the girls making remarks about the piteous expression of his face that were not at all com plimentary to the bouncer. we had a great time of it afterwards. blount was particularly attentive to clara, and she seemed rather pleased at it; and i don't think anybody there but a battered mis anthropical old magpie gave a thought to one who had gone to a cool quiet home under the restless waves. yes; i was wrong; one did; but then she was a child, and not old enough to know the lesson the world so soon teaches. little ada came up to blount (who has been admitted as her first favorite until nevil turns up again, for she is convinced that he will come) and began asking questions about her old friend, until blount had to stop her for fear clara might hear. but, though she may have put him in mind of the dead man, the living girl, with her sweet sad face, soon ejected the phantom. a sad face i called it; well, it was some time ago; but she's learnt to smile again now. i felt so put out and annoyed that i went on to the verandah to be by myself, and have a quiet sulk. i had not been there long before ada stole out and sat down, and looked dreamily out into the garden —like she often does, for she's a queer child, full of strange fancies. i knew she was thinking of nevil, and felt so much in accord with her that i hopped up close to her, and she stroked me softly and called me " poor old maggie," and we both were very quiet; and inside they were talk ing and laughing as though life was always to be a wedding breakfast. presently ada began talk ing in a low tone to me ; for she is an apprecia tive child, and we often have long conversations together, in which she does all the talking, i must admit. "do you ever dream, maggie ?" she said. "do you ever think you hear voices calling to you when the wind blows strong ; and then when it is dark do you see the faces belonging to the voices come and look in at the window and nod to you ?" really i did not know what to reply to this, for i often do imagine strange things : look at that cockatoo's ghost i fancied i saw. i just whistled softly to show her that i under stood her, and she went on : " and sometimes faces you know come to you, maggie. last night i saw auntie, and she didn't scold me and look cross like she always used to ; but she had such a kind smile, and while she was there i thought i heard the waves beating against the house, like they did against the steamer " " gocd gracious, mr. blount, do look at this strange child sitting out here by herself talking to the magpie,' said the voice of esmeralda jones behind us ; and i went straight for her ankles at once. i was getting quite interested, and then to be interrupted by a great hoyden like that! ha ! i hate you all, men and women alike. ada jumped up and went to blount as he came at the young lady's call ; refusing the proffered blandishments of miss jones, who wished to kiss her with the usual swagger with   which women perform that osculatory process when they have a man for an audience. " what were you talking about, ada?" said her new favorite. " i won't tell while she's there," returned the enfant terrible; " she slapped me the other day, when nobody was there." " oh, ada! how can you say so ?" exclaimed the young lady, in a tone of indignant reproach ; and blount, with the suspicion of a smile flitting over his face, hastened to change the conversa tion to less dangerous topics. i suppose if clara were to remain down hearted and miserable i should be annoyed with her for it, and because she is become a little bit livelier l am angry with her. it's a remark ably strange thing that we never are satisfied ; i must be getting old and cross.   chapter xl. but now the courage mounted to her face. and while she raised her head in sweet disdain the light of life beamed in her looks again. for though she was but woman, worn and weak, though the devouring waters rose amain, and though she laid to his a death-cold cheek, in that fond breast there swelled a love that bade her speak. it was about 11 o'clock at night, and mrs. bloomington was standing looking down at her little cousin sleeping the sound sleep of healthy childhood ; thinking with envy perhaps of that dreamless slumber; then she left the child's room and went to her own which adjoined it. a cold gust of air almost extinguished the candle as she entered, and she muttered something petulantly about stupid servants leaving the window open, and then stopped suddenly; for, standing near the open window, as though in terrupted in his departure by that outlet, was a man—and that man was her husband. for a moment they gazed at each other by the un steady light of the flickering candle ; then she spoke: " why do you come here ?" " why ! i should imagine i had a right here if any man has." by this time she had got over the surprise of his appearance, and her voice was firm and calm as she answered him: " do you want money, that you risk detection this way by breaking into the house ?" "i want it, but not from you. what i would have is that interest and affection a wife is sup posed to always feel for her husband, no matter what the world does." " i'm glad you said 'supposed.' i can assure you that it is quite a supposition so far as i am concerned." " why should you hate me, jane ? to you, at least, i never showed anything but kindness." " probably not, but kindness is nothing : i am not to be influenced by that, nor are any woman's affections likely to be purchased that way. it's a natural impulse : i disliked you when i married you, and now dislike myself for having married you, which you may be sure does not tell in your favor." " you discuss the question as calmly as if you were having a playful argument with somebody," he returned with a sneer. " and you are right; it is but a trifle to you ; but to me, hunted, homeless, and in constant dread, a kind word might mean life or death." "i did not give you credit for so much senti ment ; but why prolong this useless discussion ? you have a perfect right to as much money as you want; why not take some, and leave the country, while you are safe." "because that is exactly what you and some body else want me to do. life has become of so little value that i prefer revenge to it -- " " on me ? take it then," she said scornfully. " no, not on you; on one who stole your affections " "i know whom you mean ; he could scarcely steal what you never had : they were his before i saw you." her husband looked at her curiously. " i wonder what could touch you," he said at last. " granted that you disliked me always, still i was and am your husband, and now can you see me like this without a word of pity or consola tion ?" " i can and do," she replied. " then i will wring your heart yet; and i know how. i'll see you again, and you shall confess it." "so long as you relieve me of your presence now, i don't care what you threaten." he looked long and imploringly at her, as she stood with one hand on the table, haughty and disdainful ; but her features never softened or changed. " you have it in your power," he said ; " re member you are my wife, and i will forget my purpose; one word." for answer she pointed to the window through which he had entered, and with a look of sullen anger he clambered through it and was gone in the darkness. as methodically as though nothing had occurred, mrs. bloomington fastened the window and closed the blind. meanwhile her husband found his way to a cheap lodging-house, and lay through the dark hours planning num berless schemes of insane vengeance. after long and deep thought mrs. bloomington determined to tell nevil of her nocturnal visitor. as she expected, the threats of vengeance against himself he treated as mere idle boast; but he urged that a man in such a desperate pass might —particularly now that he had once found his way into the house—treat her to a second visit, and exhibit more dangerous tendencies than on the first. under these circumstances he per- suaded her to accompany him back to brisbane, but not to let anybody know of her intention until almost the point of starting. the steamer met with heavy weather almost as soon as she cleared the heads, and that night the wind increased to half a gale. by morning there was a tremendous sea, and by nightfall men were beginning to look anxious and grave. mrs. bloomington, who was a good sailor, stayed on deck until late, the saloon, with all ports closed, being an abode fit only for sala manders. after nevil had at last taken her below he stayed up for some time watching the great waves curling up and towering right above them at times, as though determined to drive the steamer under at one blow. as yet she was weathering it bravely, and when nevil went down to try and get some sleep it was with no anticipation of immediate danger. he climbed into his bunk, and, after lying for some time in a kind of uneasy dream that was neither   sleeping nor waking, lost all consciousness. from this restless and uneasy sleep that a man sleeps when lying on a tossing heaving couch, with all the wild noises of wind and wave around and o'erhead, nevil suddenly awakened; and what awoke him was what caused nearly every body in the vessel to spring up in alarm : it was the cessation of the throbbing and grinding of the propeller. the screw had broken down ! before he could reach tbo cabin steps the steamer had lost steering way, and a huge wave struck her amidships and swept the deck of every movable article. up to the present good order had been maintained, but now, as the ship lay helpless and at the complete mercy of the sea, a sudden panic set in, augmented by the engineers and firemen coming up to report that the last sea she shipped had put out the fires. a wild rush, that the officers, aided by nevil and one or two more of the passengers, could not at first check, took place to lower the boats. the first one was swamped immediately; but so ex cited with terror were some of the poor wretches that even when the boat was disappearing beneath the waves they sprang wildly down into it. the other boat reached the water safely, and might possibly have lived had they got her clear of the steamer, but when about to shove off she was driven under the vessel's side, and next moment was buried beneath her, two survivors only managing to get on board. this created a pause that the captain took advantage of to attempt to make the men go back to their duty, and if possible get the steamer's head to wind ; for as yet she was not making much water. but the sea was so high, and the waves, as if in joy at her helplessness, kept making such clean breeches over the battered hulk, that it was im possible ; although, until the foretopmast went, the attempt was not abandoned. in the pause that ensued after this nevil sought the saloon, now nearly knee-deep in water. mrs. blooming ton, with ada in her lap, was sitting there, cool and collected ; the stewardess and the other lady passengers weeping and praying, expecting every roll of the vessel to be the last. it was a terrible scene, and one that made nevil feel the horror of the situation more forcibly than anything he had witnessed on deck. he made his way as best he could to mrs. bloomington, besieged by en quiries as to whether there was any hope ; to all of which he thought it best to answer yes, although feeling certain that there was none. mrs. bloomington greeted him with a smile that seemed strange amidst such surroundings ; and as he took ada, who held out her arms to him directly she saw him, she told him how re lieved she was to see that he was still safe. "is there any chance at all for us ? tell me the truth ; you know i am no coward," she asked. he glanced around to see that the others did not hear him ; and replied : " scarcely any; before daylight we shall either be dead or saved." he put his arm round her, to support her a little, for the rolling of the vessel was terrible ; and she leant her cheek contentedly against his shoulder ; then, as if struck by a sudden thought, looked up in his face with a queer smile. " do you think clara would take it as quietly as this ?" she said. the question took him too much by surprise for him to answer; and, as it brought up in his mind thoughts that in the excitement of the last few hours he had successfully banished, a change that it was impossible to repress passed over bis face. " forgive me," whispered his companion, who noted it, with a woman's instinct. "it was a foolish speech ; may you be saved for her sake, though if you knew how little i desire to live you would not wonder at my late boast. "god knows what may happen," he replied pressing her affectionately to him ; "many have been rescued when in worse plight than this, and we may be yet: but i must leave you again for a time; i may be able to give a hand on deck." " you will come to me when the end must come ?" she asked beseechingly. if i am alive," he said simply, as he put the child back in her urms, and stooped and kissed her. to the wretched women in the cabin, denied the excitement of exertion, the time dragged on accompanied by vague and awful terrors ; still more terrible for not knowing what was passing on deck. every moment they expected to see the tossing water that roared and gurgled so close to them come rushing down with death on its foam ; and, at every staggering roll the doomed ship gave, a wailing shriek would break from some poor frightened girl. only one there seemed indifferent to whatever fate was coming, and she looked with contempt on her terror stricken companions and did not seek to aid or comfort them. at last a man appeared, streaming with water and with bleeding hands and face. it was the chief officer: he was followed by nevil and another passenger in much the same plight. nevil came up to mrs. bloomington. " give me ada," he said, " and come up on deck ; there is a chance." the chief officer was supporting one of the other lady passengers, and the other passenger, who had a wife on board, was helping her to the companion way. . . . when nevil went on deck after leaving the woman who through all danger did not seem to waver or alter in the one idea of her life, he found a change had taken place. heavy rain had set in, the wind had greatly abated, and it truly seemed that the flood-gates of heaven were opened, for the rain came down in one sheet. at first—for the darkness was intense—he could see no one on deck ; but the gleam of a lantern led him forward, and he found that an attempt was being made to get rid of the wreck of the fore-topmast, and rig up a storm jib and a try sail. the captain, whose arm had been broken in the former attempt, was the first man nevil came to, as he made his way with difficulty from one point of vantage to another. he secured himself alongside him an well as he could, and asked if he could do anything. the captain told him no ; and added " if she does not strain herself with all this rolling, we stand a chance yet. nothing could be better than this rain ; it will put the sea down quicker than anything." just then a flash of lightning showed them another figure comiug along the wet and wave-swept deck. it came close to them, holding on with difflculty, and shouted something that nevil did not catch, but the   captain understood it. " it's all up," he cried ; " but say nothing below ; she's making water fast, and we must get the women off in what boats we have left. thank god the sea is not so bad as it was ; this heavy rain may save us." by this time the wreck of the fore-topmast had been cleared, and a rag of sail bent, and with two men at the wheel she made a better show for it than she had done yet. one of the two remaining boats on the davits was now lowered, in charge of the second mate, and order and discipline being maintained it seemed that there would be a chance to put the women on board of her. the chief officer, nevil, and another passenger went into the saloon to assist them up. nevil took little ada in his arms, on reaching the deck, and directed mrs. bloomington to keep under shelter of the skylight until he came for her. one of the lady passengers who attempted to get into the boat first fell into the sea, and was never seen again ; the other, frightened at this, threw herself down and re fused to try; meanwhile the men in the boat were with difficulty keeping her from being smashed against the steamer's side ; and valuable time was thus lost as nevil in his turn held the child over the side, a brilliant flash of lightning showed him the boat, lifted up nearly level with the deck ; and the mate in the stern called to him to let the girl go. he did, and she was safely caught, and the next flash showed the boat some distance away, and that was the last they saw of her, although the men made every attempt to regain the steamer. the men on board now made their way to the other boat; but, although she was succcessfully lowered, she had been injured in some way and made so much water that she sank almost im mediately, causing the loss of two more of the crew and two passengers. all hope seemed once more lost; the ray that had cheered them up lately had abandoned them ; and all save one or two stouter hearts gave way to despair. the steamer seemed now to be settling down fast; and the captain and chief officer strove to induce the remnant of the crew and passengers to attempt to make some sort of raft of the loose spars and wreckage on the deck. she was rolling so heavily that this was a work of great danger and diffi culty, but finally it was accomplished and se cured alongside the steamer. the kishna was now nearly water-logged, and the captain gave orders to take to the raft, ex pecting she would soon sink under them. in all there were only nine men survivors, three lady passengers, and the stewardess. the sea had fallen considerably during the heavy rain, which still poured unceasingly down ; and although the waves broke over the raft there was some hope that they could preserve their lives on it until daylight, when perchance they might be picked up. fortunately all who were now left were the best men, and everything was done methodically and coolly up to the very last moment. the women were first got on to the frail support and tied securely in as comfortable a position as cir cumstances would permit; then what provisions and water could be got up from the cabin ; and lastly, as the poor ship gave many ominous wails and groans, the men scrambled on. as the captain—who spite of his broken arm was the last to leave—gave a look around, by the aid of the lightning, he caught sight of a figure lying under the steam-winch. calling to nevil, who was about getting on to the raft, they went to it, and found it to be a man, still alive, but apparently insensible from having been dashed against some of the ironwork. they got him on board the raft with some trouble, and then cast themselves adrift; and the kishna was aban doned. a lantern on one of the stays was still alight, and for some time after they parted company this could plainly be seen. suddenly, like a shooting star, they saw it swoop downwards; then they knew that their ship had gone to the bottom, and they were alone on a few loosely lashed spars. taking advantage of the lightning, which was very frequent, nevil made out the time by his watch, and found it to be past 4. this was a relief to most of them, as the women were suffering from cold and exposure, and could scarcely have lived through a whole night, lying as they were almost submerged. the sea, although still high, had subsided greatly, and as daylight broke they were able to cut the lashings that they had fastened round the women, and give them some assistance to sit up. they were able also in a rude way to bind up the captain's arm and improvise a sling for it. a ration of rum and a biscuit helped to make them more hopeful, and by this time, the light being strong, anxious but unsuccessful looks were cast around. nevil presently thought of the insensible man they had dragged on board the last moment, and on looking for him found him in the same place where they had tied him, but cold and dead ; but what was nevil's surprise to recognise in the sodden drenched features the man whose wife was on the raft—bloomington! whether he had followed nevil and watched him on board, or whether it was mere blind chance, it was impos sible to guess ; but it was he, and dead. they cut the lashings and dropped the body quietly overboard, without letting the women see it; although it floated, and for some time, to nevil's great horror, seemed inclined to accompany them. [to be concluded in our next.]   the papers.—a statesman was once in con versation with a few friends as to what course ought to be adopted with regard to misrepresen tation in the press ; and a friend said to him, "the obvious course is not to take notice of what is said of you in the papers. people will find you out in time if you do not contradict these things." " well," said the statesmen, heaving a deep sigh, " that was the course i once pursued. i enterod on public life with a resolu tion that, whatever the press might say of me, i would take no notice of it. for years and yours ]persevered, till at last my friendß came to me and «;ii 1, ' there is au accusation in one paper of snob an unutterably villanous kind that you owe it to yournelf and to your supporters to con tradict it.' " the statesman felt that iv this case :in exception must be made. he contradicted the report, as he informed the friends to whom lio w.ik n<>ountink his t-xpurionces. "well," said onf, " ami what did the p.iporu do ?" " why," the blnttitftnau auawered, " they went and proved it, the villains !"       chapter xli   the storyteller.   lost in the winning.   chapter xli.   by "dramingo."   the fourth day came, but not a breath of air, and ocean slumbered like an unweaned child ; the fifth day and their boat lay floating there ; the sea and sky were blue and clear and mild.   the wind having fallen greatly and the sea subsided, the occupants of the raft would— if they had been in a boat—have felt some con fidence in getting to land ; but situated as they were none of them were particularly sanguine. the only thing to be done was to put a bold face on the matter, and try and bully fate into being kind to them. it was a dismal prospect, and their position was rendered worse by the presence of the helpless women amongst them. towards noon the clouds broke a little; once or twice they had a glimpse of the sun, and at sundown the sky cleared entirely and the night was cloud less and rather cold. it was a terrible night. they had exhausted all schemes and plans and now had almost abandoned themselves to utter despair. about 2 o'olock in the morning nevil fell into a half sleeping state that was neither conscious ness nor unconsciousness. he knew that he was still on the raft, but only in a half stupid way that made it seem more as if he was reading of the adventure in a book than actually experi encing it. what he was really dreaming he could not afterwards recall, but mixed up with it were recollections of the steamer they had lately left, and through the mists of his dozing senses he heard the ship's bell strike the time clearly and distinctly. just then he felt himself grasped by the arm, and, awakening to the position, found that mrs. bloomington had aroused him. " did your hear it ?" she said excitedly. " what ?" he asked. " the bell! quite close to us; just over there;" and she pointed to the eastward. the exclamation, chiming in with his dream, startled him and made him believe her ; and he strained his eyes looking in the indicated direc tion, but could see nothing: only black darkness. everybody was now looking excitedly in the quarter pointed out, and the chief officer at last called out that he could see a light, whenever they rose on the top of a swell. after long watching, they made out for certain that it was a ship's mast-head light, and the probability was that it was a steamer. if so she would be out of sight before daylight, and they would never be seen. in fact she seemed to have passed them and to be leaving them even then, as after a short interval the light was no longer visible. when daylight dawned once more, there was nothing in sight. death now put in an appearance amongst them : one of the lady passengers died that day, and the body had to be thrown into the sea. it was now quite calm, and the sun was fierce and powerful in the extreme. their small supply of water was insufficient to satisfy them, and the irritation caused by wearing their clothes saturated with salt water made them all slightly delirious ; the captain especially suffering from the pain of his broken arm. just before sun down on this the third day, they sighted a sail ; but that was all—she did not see them. that night the stewardess died, and the captain, whose arm was excessively inflamed, became almost mad, and raved incessantly. once more the sun rose on them, almost foodless, waterless, and ex hausted with anxiety and want of sleep. the captain died about noon : mortification set in, and his end was peaceful. then the survivors looked one another in the face and bade each other good-bye, for they gave up all hope. slowly and silently the hours dragged on : the sea was as smooth and untroubled as some still lagoon hundreds of miles inland ; overhead the sun was bright and cheerful and the sky clear and cloudless, and on the raft the few survivors were listlessly waiting for death. he came too slowly for some of them: one of the pas sengers suddenly sprang up, and, casting a look around as though bidding the world farewell, jumped into the sea. he rose once, but went down again immediately, and they saw him no more. nevil, who had taken his place by the side of mrs. bloomington, would have attempted to drag the unhappy maniac back, but, as his companion was lying helpless and almost unconscious in his arms, he could not free himself in time to execute the intention. one of the others was about to follow the suicide's example, but the chief officer, a hardy determined fellow, caught him, and threatened to tie him down if he did not remain quiet. so that day came to a close, and the next morning there were only five survivors. mrs. bloomington was still alive but very faint and weak although quite conscious. the next day dawned with promise of rain ; one more of their number had gone over to the great majority during the night; and now there were only four, to look at each other, and wait, and despair. the mate peered anxiously round as the light grew strong, but nothing was in sight ; only towards the south he drew nevil's attention to a faint-looking cloud, that looked something like the smoke of a steamer. a rain squall came up about 10, and afforded them some relief ; but it appeared to be only a prolongation of suffering ;   they seemed to have got entirely out of the track of the coasting steamers ; nothing for it but a lingering death. nevil, in spite of his own suffering, could not help looking with acute pity on the woman who in this supreme moment still clung to him, and seemed to think that death was no such hardship, shared thus. powerless and impotent to save, he could only strive by kind words and caresses to soothe her last moments, and make her forget tho horrors of their surroundings. a gaunt and fearful look ing crew they were, and each one saw in his com panion's emaciated appearance a reflection of his own condition. and the raft floated almost motion leas on the still sea, and round about the fins of sharks appeared at times above the smooth surface. that day was one that nevil if he were to live through eternity would never forget. the calm dead sea, the wasted famine-stricken forms around him, and the relentless sun o'erhead. he had faced death often before, but it had been where a man had been able to make a struggle for it, and not compelled to sit idly and wait for death or succour. this was the thought that maddened both him and the bold fellow at his side. " i don't know whether that fellow who jumped overboard was not the wisest after all," said the mate. " it's tempting certainly," replied nevil, " but having held out so long we may as well suffer to the end." "my god i if i only had a piece of tobacco i wouldn't mind so much," exclaimed the mate, so earnestly that in spite of all nevil could not repress a laugh. the other nudged his arm ; " they're waiting for us," he said with a ghastly attempt at a smile, pointing at the fins of two or three sharks not a hundred yards away. " hush !" returned nevil, fearful that the words might reach other ears than his. " i forgot," replied the mate ; " i think l am going off my head a little ; i keep fancying all sorts of queer things. sometimes i could almost swear that i saw a ship close to us." " i've felt that way for some time," said nevil; " it's faintness from want of food; make up your mind not to give way and it will be all right." they were silent for some time after this con versation. the only other survivor, one of the sailors, was lying helplessly on the spars, without speaking. " a bit of a squall over there," the mate said at last pointing in the direction where a dark cloud was gathering ; "we may possiby get it" "it looks like something underneath the cloud," remarked nevil after gazing earnestly for some time. the mate shaded his eyes. "by jove, i believe you're right, but it's thickening so quick just there that i've lost it again ; when it clears we shall see for certain." so the raft lay idly there, with its half-dead freight, and the hungry sharks waiting around ; and nevil and his comrade watched the far-off dark patch of rain that had covered the object they thought they saw : watched for the cloud to pass ; for there, they knew and felt, rested their last their only hope. chapter xlii "maggie's secret." at my time of life, when i get in a nicely contemplative mood and sit on the back of a chair digesting a good meal, i always find my self dwelling more upon the past than the future. i often fall into the common error of thinking that had i my life to live over again i should make much more of it. i often hear you men make the same remark ; and when i reflect about it i cannot help being impressed with its rank absurdity. of course the first step to the right or left that we made would put us amongst such an entirely different set of circumstances that all our vaunted experience would be of no avail, and we should blunder along just in the old happy-go-lucky style. we needs must fancy that we are wiser when we reach the end of life's journey than when we set out, but i doubt if we are in reality ; we conceal our folly better per haps, but it's there all the same. fact is that, looking at life from the outside standpoint that my position as a bird affords, it really seems that we do nothing but run around asking somebody to make fools of us. i wonder what sort of a woman little ada will grow up ; i have taken charge of her : i am disgusted with clara, and show my displeasure in a marked manner. i never take my meals from her now ; i let ada feed me instead. i can see that clara feels my displeasure too, and i intend that she shall. what does she mean by flirting with blount ? and yet it's not flirting altogether; it's more as if they liked one another's society because they had thoughts and feelings in common. but blount should be worldly-wise enough to know that all that is nonsense : this sort of friendship cannot exist between men and women : they start splendidly under the most favorable and favoring winds, and then one or other of the people interested tries to make the interestt warmer, and the natural consequence is disappointment. no, the only relationship possible between men and women is that of open hostility ; stick to that and you're safe. should i be so much respected and generally looked up to if i did not preserve a consistently defiant attitude towards the world ? i have not heard of any open and serious quarrel between mr. and mrs. bantam as yet, so if any struggle for mastery has taken place it has been conducted on principles of the strictest secrecy, and no marks of the combat are visible. meanwhile we are going slowly along as usual, and now that i have the care of ada on my hands i find i have quite enough to do at my time of life. l am going to show ada my savings before i die; and i trust she will employ the money to advantage. i had intended them for clara, but circumstances have so altered that i feel myself quite absolved now. i had some thought of going back with james when he returned north ; i have a longing to pass my last days on a station once more: i can think of all manner of nice ways in which i could make myself supremely disagreeable and render my name a terror and a by-word. how ever, i suppose i must submit to necessity and let myself be buried amongst my own people. there was a rumour about some survivors of the wreck of the kishna being picked up, and taken to california or some outlandish place   (my geography ias not very good). somebody said he saw a telegram in a sydney newspaper ; but we never got to the bottom of it, and as nothing more transpired i suppose we may put it down as a rumour only. clara is looking nearly as well as ever, and has taken to singing sometimes again ; as i said before we are very distant, and i confine myself principally to ada ; excepting when i go up to see old mrs. danten, who lives almost entirely in her room now. blount does not display any hurry to go back to the station ; i can't think what he wants to dawdle his time away like that; i wouldn't do it if i was a man. i was sitting with ada the other day ; she was reading to me about a little girl named alice who went through some uncommonly interesting ad ventures in a country called wonderland. i should like to live there ; it seems a better managed place than this world. well! she was reading in a low tone to herself, or rather to me ; for i was sitting on the arm of her chair, watching her through half-shut eyes (she is growing up a very pretty little girl, and will do me credit i am sure). everybody was out excepting the old lady upstairs, and i was in charge of the house. suddenly i was aware that there was a strange dog in the garden. now this was very annoy ing, for i had hidden some of my dinner amongst the verbenas, and this cur was sniffing about close to them. i flew after him, and soon made him go out quicker than he came in. then i went back, and ada was gone ; so being left alone i made myself comfortable, and went to sleep, only to be awakened by two people talking. how heavily i must sleep now! at one time anything would rouse me; now clara had actually come home with out my hearing her, and blount was stand ing talking to her in the drawing-room. what they had been saying before i woke up i don't know, but their position when i looked in at them forcibly reminded me of another scene i once witnessed when i came back from my holiday. whether blount was asking the same question that was asked then i don't know, but it appeared very much like it. clara looked down at the ground, and blushed, and at last i heard her say in a very still small voice, "will you tell me in a week?" and blount seemed tolerably well satisfied, as he answered " yes," and shortly took his departure. now i don't approve of this at all; i intend to put a stop on these proceedings somehow, but i must confess i don't exactly see how. how ever i'll be on hand at the end of the week, trust me. i was there ; i saw it all ; and it was just what i expected. " yes!" that was the answer, and the question was i suppose the same old hack neyed one. i was standing in the verandah watching them, trying to hear what they were saying, and wondering whether i should not make a desperate onslaught on the pair of them, when a board creaked behind me, and i turned and nearly jumped out of my skin with fright, for there stood a ghost. yes, a ghost in broad daylight, the ghost of david nevil! i had not any voice left to call out; i could only stare at the apparition. then i thought of my prayers, and wondered whether i was going to die ; when a thought struck me. perhaps it wasn't a ghost at all ; a ghost would not have walked on tiptoe like this substantial spirit was doing. then i saw the situation. he was going to surprise clara ; it was no ghost. " wait a minute, old man," i thought; "you'll be the surprised one." he need not have gone softly to the open french light; they were too occupied to notice him and he peeped in expecting no doubt to see —anything but what he saw. i don't think he stood there ten seconds ; then he stole off as gently as he had come, and left the house un noticed. and clara and blount were in blissful unconsciousness of their audience, and i was the only one who knew that nevil was not drowned but alive and well as ever. now i think i was defrauded of a good scene. i consider that he should have shown himself, and he and blount could have had a duel on the hearth-rug, and there would have been any amount of excitement and romance ; and now ! he's just gone quietly away, and will write a polite note to jack informing him of his resur rection i suppose. this is a hollow world ! when jack came home, he had about the most puzzled look on his face that i ever saw a man wear. first he looked all about the room, as if he expected a burglar was concealed in it: he stared curiously at his sister, till she got the color of pink blotting paper ; and at last he said in a tone of surprise, " where is he ?" blount looked at clara wonderingly, and she laughed and said, " what do you mean jack! explain yourself." " why, nevil of course ; he left me to come here about an hour ago." poor clara ! when i saw how white she turned my heart went back to her at once, and i felt really and truly sorry. blount spoke first : " do you mean that nevil has come back ; that he is alive ?"' " alive ! yes : i tell you he left me only an hour ago to come here : what can have become of him '." "how was he saved?" asked blount. clara never spoke. " four of them were picked up by a steamer bound from sydney to panama." " and why could he not telegraph ?" said blount, with a touch of anger in his voice. " he did not say." " was poor mrs. bloomington drowned ?" said clara, speaking for the first time. " no ! mrs. blooinington was one of the four saved." strange to say, clara looked brighter after this information. " where is she ?" she asked eagerly. "in san francisco at present. nevil promised to take ada out to her if the child had escaped, which he did not know before." "strange that he never telegraphed," said blount again. " strange that he never came here," returned jack : " i can't make it out." clara rose just then, and was about to leave the room, but she seemed faint, and jack had to put his arm round her to support her. i knew the reason ; but jack put it down to quite another cause, and when he returned his brow was as black as possible,   " i'll go and look him up," he said, " will you come ?" blount nodded, and they went out together ; and i was alone with my thoughts : and rather mixed ones they were. strange to say, my main idea was that clara was very ill-used. blount was right: what business had a man to let all his friends think him dead, and then come turning up in this romantic manner and expecting to find everybody in mourning for him ? it was not at all fair; and as master nevil chose to play the part of enoch arden he had no business to be disappointed in the result; it was only what he might have reckoned on. jack and blount did not come back until dinner had been waiting some time ; and a very uncomfortable meal it was. they had seen nothing of nevil; so i gathered from their con versation ; and everybody seemed in a particularly bad temper; ada too had heard of this arrival and helped matters by pestering everybody with questions. what a wonderful thing time is ! a few short months ago and nevil's appearance would have turned everybody's head with joy ; and now he's put everything out by turning up again. i suppose blount and jack had some sort of understanding that night, for jack seemed very much annoyed, and inclined to be rather grave with clara. the next morning jack got a long letter which i suppose afforded some explanation of nevil's conduct, but if so he never imparted the information to anybody else.   i had just pecked the bouncer's eldest child, a boy about three years old, with delicious legs. the bites i have given that youth have become landmarks in my life, pleasant little remem brances to think over when i am sulky and dis contented. well, i had just sent him howling in to his mother when somebody said, "old maggie ! at it as usual." i couldn't speak and say " you seem to be very familiar with me ;" but i looked it; for i did not know the speaker at all; but at last it dawned upon me that it was the man called armstrong; he was with jack— i must be really be getting very deaf, that i can't hear people coming now. " did you see my brother as you came in ?" jack was saying. " yes ; he's greatly altered, and for the better, if you'll pardon my saying so." " i quite agree with you," returned jack laugh ing ; " there was room for improvement" they went inside then, and i heard no more ; in fact that boy's squalling was enough to deafen anybody. certainly i made him cry, but it was not bad enough to make such a yelling over. it's four years since nevil turned up, and dis appeared in that mysterious manner. and what has happened during those four years? well, a great many things. first, as you may guess, jack is now a married man, and his wife was a widow when we first knew her. there's a young lady in the drawing-room at the present moment trying to still the shrieks of that urchin, the eldest hope of the bantam family. pretty girl, isn't she? i feel proud of her; that's the second girl i consider i can take credit to myself for properly training. i think her almost equal to clara; and if i don't quite, why, it is because, you see clara and i were young together, and of course nobody can ever take her place in my affections. but ada has grown up a very nice girl, and she's just as strange and fanciful as ever, and although arrived at the mature age of seventeen she is not above talking to an old magpie. and if in point of fact she may not get any very useful or edifying conver sation from me, at anyrate i'm a splendid listener, and that is a very useful talent. yes, ada has quite fulfilled my expectations, and i do not at all begrudge the little trouble i have bestowed on her at various times. i only regret that i shall not live to see her a woman. and her cousin, mrs. bloomington? she's buried in san francisco. she never fully re covered her sufferings on the wreck, and when nevil and ada reached san francisco it was only to find her dying. i know the story, for i've heard ada tell it to clara so often; and clara seems never tired of hearing it. why ? i wonder. why should she like to hear of his tender care and solicitude for another woman, and that woman a rival ? only that she is one girl in ten thousand. but, let that be as it will, ada tells the story with tears in her eyes as though her cousin had been a loving mother to her all her life, instead of an indifferent guardian. yes, she died very quietly and peacefully, holding nevil's hand to the last. peace be with her ! i say. and now i come to the great mistake of my life : whenever i see clara and think of it i feel inclined to grovel in the dust and cast ashes on my head to think that i should have mistaken her so ; i write myself down ass at once. i, who ought to have known her, actually accused her of forgetting nevil and lending her ear to his friend. fortunately it's some balm to my wounded self esteem to think that nevil was as great a fool as i was, and went near to ruining his happiness in life by it. blount knew all about his rescue from the raft; nevil had telegraphed to him from san francisco, telling him, if the news of their being saved had not been made public, to keep it quiet, as he was going to surprise them ail. now blount had taken a great liking to clara, and was afraid that the surprise would be too much for her ; there fore he was preparing her for it, and was about to communicate it to her, when master nevil with a reprehensible love of mischief came up without sending blount any notice, and popped in upon what i must confess, to any impartial spectator who was not behind the scenes, did look extremely like a little love story in three chapters. so he quietly went away by the same steamer that brought him up from sydney, and wrote to jack to send ada down. in con sequence of this rash and absurd proceeding blount had to go to america after him, and i hope nevil felt ashamed of himself when he was found. however, clara forgave him for doubting her ; i suppose she thought that there was some ex cuse, for just when nevil looked in at the window blount had given her a hint of the truth (which i believe she had suspected for some time), and in her eagerness she laid her hand on his arm and was looking up into his face in a very earnest mannerr, that by both of us—nevil and me—was misinterpreted. well, they are married now, and i live with   them, and so does ada; and, all things con sidered, we get on as well as can be expected. i trust that we don't fight and quarrel amongst ourselves more than most families do ; and that is saying a good deal i wonder, now that my story is told, my secret chattered out, whether i shall find any thing more in life to interest me. i feel sorry that i am so old, for i have lived bo long amongst men and women that half my thoughts and feelings are identical with theirs. no ! this thing must be put a stop to ! that cat has been into the garden twice this morning, and ada stood there looking at it, and never drove the creature away ; i can't stand it, i must assert myself for the last time. here goes! out you go! [the end.]        19364		mazeppa   chapter none   the storyteller.   mazeppa.   by ethel mills.   it was soon after the first remembered sorrow of our lives—my father's death — that mrs. wycherley sent an urgent invita- tion to willwanda. jack, myself, and little susie were to spend a month at reedy creek, which was then the largest and finest station in the district. the wycherleys did most things generously, some said ex- travagantly. the great rambling house was a paradise to young people, and it was with lightened hearts that we set out.   jack led a packhorse, i had susie perched in front of me, and we reached the station early in the afternoon. as we turned the corner of the long lagoon, we heard the bell peal out, and could see a cloud of dust rising in front of the culvert.   "something's up," said jack. "let's can- ter on. they wouldn't ring the bell at this time for nothing."   but even as he spoke out of the dust came a crowd of wycherleys, mounted on xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx large family, and all who could ride were there, from big, black-haired, blue-eyed lance to the fat seven-year-old twins, "bob and betty". they were upon us in a minute, all shouting and talking. i managed to gather that "mazeppa had cleared out, and we were to put the pack horse in the paddock and go out to see the fun." we had been at reedy creek on for- mer occasions when mazeppa had run away, so we were quite willing to assist in captur- ing her. i told susie to hold on tight, and was soon cantering along in the rear of the procession.   mazeppa 16 years ago had been a fat yel- low half-caste baby. the blacks were very wild in those days, and had speared some of lance wycherley's cattle. in retaliation he had collected several "guns" and dis- persed the camp. dispersing meant a good   xxxxxx. very probably it resulted in sending several of mazeppa's relatives to their happy hunting-grounds. at any rate,   she was found next day in a deserted gull-   ey and no one ever returned to claim her.   and lance felt himself responsible for the orphan's welfare, and, taking her home,   gave her to the childless wife of the over- seer to keep. as time went on mrs. m'shea became very fond of the elfin baby. so indeed, were the children at the big house. as she grew older she shared their   governesses and tutors, and spent most of her time with them, and was especially the friend and companion of fair-haired gracie   wycherley, for their ages were, as nearly as could be known, the same.   the overseer's wife read byron, and, be- ing particularly struck with the name ma-   zeppa, had so christened the child. it   seemed to suit her very well. she was a short-tempered little thing, and given to strange and sullen fits of restlessness, which always terminated in an attempt to run away. she was generally found, and brought   back very soon. repentant and silent, she wouid then settle down, and become her happy self for several months, until the wandering fit was on again. as her com- panions usually got a holiday from the much   suffering teacher to look for her, they hailed the news of her disappearance with delight.   of late years mazeppa's restless fits had come seldom, so that we had unexpectedly dropped into a hunt.   mazeppa was apparently happy; indeed she was the spoiled plaything of them all, and was never made to feel belonging to a despised race. therefore, to most people   her sudden wandering fits were unaccount- able. some wild message of a freer life.   whose import we could not gather, seemed to be heard by her in the wattle- scented breezes. it was generally when the wattles had burst into bloom that mazeppa went missing. we had not far to go; the girl   had only been missed a little while, and by sunset we had tracked her to a pine ridge,   and seen glimmers of her white dress in the topmost branches of a pine tree. young lance did not like to be reminded a few years later of the way he, with the help of jack, attacked the giant trunk with axes, when threats and entreaties had proved vain. their last device succeeded, and mazeppa   came down weeping and miserable to be soothed and petted by gracie, while the   others raced and shouted along the forest aisles as full of health and spirits as a   stockyard of young horses.   did i say that in a few years lance hated   to be reminded of his boyish roughness? a   rosella. trent. devon. acton. metford. the grafter.   gaulus. dreamland. \\\ atercolour. key. paul pr f. ayrshire. parthenopjeus. amberite.   finish for the caulfield cup.   few months, i should have said. as the year drew to a close, lance had put aside a good deal of his boyishness, although he was only 19. gracie had her hair up, and mazeppa, whose figure showed womanly curves that gracie's lacked, had gone into long dresses. i wonder if motherly mrs. wycherley and her bluff kindly husband realised how very pretty the half-caste girl had grown. they always looked on ma- zeppa as a plaything and spoiled pet of the household, and no one but a stranger would notice the look in lance wycherley's eyes. perhaps lance himself least of all realised that his eyes did change when they rested on mazeppa. my memory of her   seems always connected with the sunny corner of the verandah, where she used to sit and play with the twins; of the big sofa, with its silken cushions, in the cool, flower-scented drawingroom, and a white- clad figure curled up luxuriously amongst them; of a rich, sweet voice singing weird songs; or of little useless brown hands bringing soft music, with a charm all its own, from the old schoolroom piano. music was the only thing the long-suffering tutors at reedy creek could drill into mazeppa's head. for other lessons and the constraint of school-hours she cared not a jot, and forgot anything as soon as it was told her. she helped mrs. m'shea a little in the mornings before she came over to the big house—only a very little; otherwise, she was contented with the part she played in the big wycherley household.   other changes had taken place. gracie had an admirer, and it was for this reason that she lengthened her frocks and put up her hair. although 16 she was still childish in figure and face, in spite of her many inches and slim waist. i looked at her admirer with awe and reverence the first time i saw him. he was a new chum, and had taken up a selection on reedy   creek. he was not of the hard-working, moneyless kind, for he spent most of his time playing tennis at the station, and seemed to have enough of this world's goods to buy gracie boxes of chocolates such as bush girls seldom see, and all the latest books and papers. he was a good looking, grey-eyed man, with a long reddish brown moustache, and he dressed well, and talked society talk, which impressed us im- mensely. it was wonderful to hear him carelessly mention "brindisi", and give his opinion of the different "liners", or begin a story with "when i was at monaco." he made jack and lance look overgrown and countryfied, and he always spoke of them as if they were babes in arms com- pared to himself in experience of the world. he was not by any means a good man; but that we did not know then, and it was a characteristic of the carelessness of the elder wycherleys that he was allowed to mix so freely with the growing sons and daughters.   mazeppa was away staying with a friend of mrs. m'shea's in the township when we came this time to reedy creek. i re-   ceived most of gracie's confidences. she quite thought he meant to propose, and so did i, for we were young enough then to think men meant all they said. he cer- tainly paid her marked attention. gracie was only undecided as to whether she would accept him at once or keep him wait- ing a year to "try his love". she went about with a proud and haughty manner, as befitted the future bride of cecil sey- more, and was much reviled by the younger fry for her new pronunciation of words such as "brown" and "round," which she had hitherto used as if they had an "a" in them. lance did not like seymore, and hinted darkly that he could not ride for sour apples; but lance was not on the scene long,   for his father shipped him off on a iong droving trip before mazeppa returned. perhaps something had opened his eyes to the fact of his eldest son's infatuation.   on the afternoon of the day mazeppa re- turned, cecil, as usual, rode over to the sta- tion. i was in the hammock on the veran- dah, and through the open french windows could see mazeppa curled up on the sofa. her wavy hair was lying in heavy folds against the cushions, her scarlet lips and soft olive skin set off by its inky blackness, and the long lashes were half veiling her wonderful dreamy eyes. the white muslin clung round her like indian drapery, and the grace of the picture struck even me, to whom it was a familiar thing. no wonder that the man who saw it for the first time stopped and gazed his fill at the pretty scene. something in his bold yet guarded eyes struck me unpleasantly, and i tumbled ungracefully out of the hammock, and, bustling into the room, was in time to see mazeppa's pretty confusion and start of surprise, and to make the two acquainted by a formal introduction. then gracie came in, her fair hair done up in a wonder- ful and tortuous style, and drawn primly off her low white forehead. she was de- cidedly pretty, as a budding flower is pretty with a promise of future glories, but beside mazeppa's tropical face and womanly charms she looked but a gawky schoolgirl. i wondered if mr. seymore noticed it. at night mazeppa played and sang to us, and cecil sat silent in the canvas chair, dutifully whirling a silver-mounted horse-tail over gracie's fair head to keep away the mos quitoes.   in the days that followed mazeppa seemed to change. the restless fits seemed gone for ever, and she was actually seen to attempt to help her adopted mother with the iron- ing. mr. seymore came as often as ever,   and gracie still posed as the haughty bride to be. one night she talked to mazeppa and me about it as we sat on her bed and watched her plaiting her hair.   "has he ever said he loves you?" i in-   quired.   gracie nearly dislocated her neck in an attempt to look at her back hair over her shoulder in the glass, while she calmly re- plied, "well, no, not exactly, but he just 'looks', you know, and says, 'how you will enjoy your first season in london!' and 'when you see farnborough manor' (that's his place at home), once he squeezed my hand under the table and said i was unkind when i dragged it away and glared at   him."   "of course," i said, "if he did that it is just as good, and will you let him kiss you,   gracie?"   "that depends; when we are properly en- gaged i suppose he might," answered gracie as calmly as if she were discussing a picnic. "but i don't care about it much. i've only been kissed by father, whose beard is so prickly, and the boys, who hug like bears, and don't kiss nicely at all. on the whole, i think i won't allow kissing."   then mazeppa spoke. "if i loved a man," she said, "he could kiss me for   ever!"   gracie smiled in a superior manner. "child," she said, "no one could love a man until she was engaged to him; besides, you don't know what love is."   "but i do," cried mazeppa. "i love you, gracie. oh! i love you," and she sprang off the bed and rushed up to the startled gracie, and threw her arms passionately   round her.   "of course you do," laughed the fair- haired maiden; "but it is different, quite different. oh, you impulsive darling, you have pulled all my hair down."   mazepna dropped her arms by her side,   amberite, winner op the oaulfield cup.   i   a   and walked to the window, her bosom ris- ing and falling, her starry eyes full of a   strange fire, while we two heartless school-   girls laughed at her wild words, and at the   idea of mazeppa in love. yet she knew, and we did not.   as time went on cecil seymore came oftener, and even grace began notice how he haunted mazeppa. at first she thought it was accidental; then she grew   angry—not with the girl—i do not think it entered her head to be jealous of the half- caste, pretty as she was. it seemed impos-   sible to her that any man could admire a girl who could scarcely read or write, whose hair was too short and wavy to be done fashionably, and, worst of all, who was distinctly "fat", for so we designated mazeppa's womanly plumpness.   no, she was angry with mr. seymore be-   cause he neglected her, and she showed it   pretty plainly one moonlit summers night, when he elected to escort mazeppa over to   mrs. m'shea's for some music instead of   taking gracie for a row on the lagoon. she   flounced out of the room in a very undigni- fied and anything but "grown-up" manner, and, seizing my arm dragged me by it into   the boathouse to talk.   "i do not believe he is in love with me   after all," she declared.   i was obliged to agree with her. "no, lovers don't behave like that," i said.   gracie was not put out. "i'll just scorn him to-morrow, and for ever," she said; "and really, francie, i'm not sorry. it's an awful bother behaving in a grown-up   way. i'm just dying to take up the tuck in my dresses again. jack beats me   always at tennis now, and i know it is   only because my frock trails on the ground.   i won't rest until i beat him. jack is   sensible, and i like him, in fact, if i marry at all, the man must be an australian! i quite decided to-day, when i saw how mr. seymore's trousers ruckled up when he canters. mark my words, francie, that man could not sit a pig-root," with which sentence of condemnation miss wycherly gathered up her skirts, and challenged me to race her to the white gate.   that same night she slept the untroubled sleep of girlhood, whilst i tossed and tossed   and counted sheep, and said the alphabet   back and forwards, in a vain attempt to follow her example.   it was hot, and i believe i was thirsty   and hungry, for i suddenly had visions of a certain tree of royal george peaches in   the lower garden. i donned a wrapper,   and stepping through the low window, i   made my way to the orchard. the moon light was almost as bright as day, and i soon filled the pockets of my gown with my treasure trove. i was returning through   the shrubbery, where shadows lay thick, when i heard voices. i out the branches   of an oleander aside, and was upon mazeppa and mr. seymore before i knew   what had happened. i drew back, for i   had come on a love scene—a real one—for   seymore held the girl tightly in his arms,   and was passionately kissing her red lips. "disgusting," i murmured. "i've a good mind to jump out and frighten them. then i changed my mind, for some latent woman-   liness softened my youthful hard-hearted- ness.   "she would hate me to see her," i   thought, and i waited to see if they would   move on and let me escape.   "you will be my own, my darling, for ever," he whispered. "i will take you away from this dull station. i will give you   jewels, and everything a woman could wish for. my life will be devoted to you — my beautiful, tropical flower."   his voice was shaking with emotion, and   he looked like a lover in a picture.   mazeppa's voice was low, and strangely altered as she replied: —"love you? ah, you know it. you have always known it, but it is gracie you must marry—she loves you; she will be engaged to you!" cecil swore a little under his breath, and then laughed. "what a child you are," he said. "as for that skinny, prim, yel- low-haired little prude—could i kiss her as i kiss you, sweetheart?"   i wondered if i ought to cover up my ears, and not listen to any more rubbish, but i was curious to hear what mazeppa   had to say.   "if i was not here you would love her," she said with conviction. "nonsense," he replied. "forget her, and talk of yourself. promise me that you   will come away with me when i go to   sydney at the end of this month. three weeks more, mazeppa —only three weeks—and then you must be mine altogether. do not   say anything about it until i give you leave. will you promise, beloved?"   mazeppa was dumb even to this pas- sionate pleading, and did not answer.   "then you do not love me," he said, mockingly. at this mazeppa gave a low, strange cry, and flung her arms round his   neck, bending the fair closely-cropped head   down until it rested on her shoulder. "love you," she said. "ah, you know, you know!" this was too much for my feelings. i stole back to the orchard, and, going all the way by the kitchen garden, i reached our bedroom, meaning to wake gracie, and unmask the traitors. "and mrs.   m'shea will scold when she finds mazeppa has stayed up so late," i thought. gracie was sleeping so quietly i decided to let my   news wait until morning. then i fell   asleep to be awakened by what seemed   to my drowsy senses to be a white ghost,   that crept softly to gracie's bed, and kissed her, and cried softly over her, or was it only in a dream that i heard mazeppa saying,   "good-bye, good-bye," with a sound of tears. it was not until the evening of the fol-   lowing day that mrs. m'shea became un-   easy, and walked over to the big house to   ask mazeppa to come and help her with the ironing. the girl as often as not slept in one of the spare beds at the big house,   instead of going home. of course we could only tell her that mazeppa had left us early the night before. as for mr. sey-   more, he had taken his departure imme-   diately after breakfast, not at all disturbed   apparently by the chilling scorn of miss   wycherley and miss francie farrar.   there was no doubt in everyone's minds   that mazeppa had gone "wandering", and   had this time an uncommonly good start.   but my mind misgave me, and i decided   to tell mr. wycherley all i knew, with the   result that he rushed off to mr. seymore's   selection, and thus lost two good hours.   mr. seymore owned up shamefacedly to his moonlight love-making, but swore he   had left her safely at the house, and he urged mr. wycherley to start out a search   party at once. mr. wycherley called him   a scoundrel, but took his advice, and the two men galloped back to the station to   set matters going. it was plain to all of us what the strange, complex-natured girl had done. the clue lay in her words, "you   would love gracie if i were not here."   gracie cried bitterly, and so did i, for we   both felt that this was no ordinary flitting.   "they will never find her," i said. and they never did.   a fearful storm came up, and the floods of rain obliterated her tracks, which trended towards the scrubs that swept up the ranges. in those days the blacks about reedy creek were still in large numbers. sometimes we thought mazeppa had joined them, her mother's people, and was living with them amongst the granite hills, but mazeppa, with her dainty ways, her love of luxury, it could not be. sometimes we thought she had drowned herself, and been swept down in the flooded gullies after the fearful storm. or, again, that she had been hiding quite near, and had, with seymore's help, got to sydney. but that could scarcely be, for cecil seymore helped long and earnestly in the search. as time went on his ardour cooled, and he looked distinctly relieved when it was at last declared hope- less. reedy creek station became a house of mourning. poor mazeppa, with her beautiful face and strange, unformed childish mind, and untamed nature, there was little about her to hold a man like sey- more. once gone she was forgotten. old wycherley could not forgive or forget, and \---------------------------------------------------------   mrs. e. a. robertson, .writing from hiawatha, 43 armadale-street, arma dale, forwards the above interesting pictorial curiosity. she says "george wal mer is an old identity, who has been on mov-hall station, narracoorte, south australia, for many years; his age is 73, and that of his old mare toll,' 37; her coat is quite long and quite curly." \-------------------------------------------------------   cecil seymore found it convenient to sell his selection and take his departure from the district, and finally from the colonies.   even to lance, as the years went on,   bringing other loves and other interests with them, the girl became but as a tender regretful memory, and when the name of wycherley (as the result of the big drought)   was no more heard in connection with   reedy creek, sweet gracie, far away from the scene of the poor mistaken child's flight, allowed time, the healer, to console her also. she will never forget mazeppa, but   remembers her only as we remember the dead. there are a wrinkled, white-haired   woman and an old man, whose working days are over, who still inhabit the overseer's cottage on reedy creek, though owners and managers rise, decline, and fall. and in their hearts the half-caste's memory is still green, for they nightly place a flaring fat lamp on the gate-post to show mazeppa   "home" again.        15165		an australian galatea. a story of exploration and strange discovery   chapter i   an australian galatea, l   a story of exploration and   strange discovery.   by hbbon shaw.   chapter i.   our boat waa hamerton, the banker, oom monly known among the suburban residents of 'appy hamstead ns " p.ieh-man " hamer ton, in contradiatinetion to "poor man"   hamerton, the baliiff-hannted auctioneer in the high-street.   john hamerton, senior, partner of the old established, wealth; banking-house of vava sour, sons, & martindale—a bachelor, age about five and forty: reputed to be disgust ingly burdened with filthy luore; tall, hand some, with a clear- cut faoe, a keen-glanoing eye and mobile features; a born financier; a shrewd, hard-headed man of business in the banking parlour ; a polished, courtly gentle man in private life, possessed of distinctly cultured mates and true artietie aspirations; a clever man of the world and a delightful host, with a perfectly appointed bachelor's domain, and a faultless ouisine: need another word he added to convey the intimation that our entertainment was of the ohoioeit and most" rekerky " character ?   we were three in party, hamerton afore said. arthur bowysr, dabbed by his familiars auriferous longbow, in reference to his gold mining proclivities and by reason of certain moving stories of adventure by flood and field—said stories being of a most desperately indigestible toughness, and the preeent veracious chronicler, who bas figured modestly once or twloe in the pages of the journal of the bpyal geographical society as a humble amateur explorer of byways and desert places in africa, south america, and australia.   : hamerton, as i have mentioned, was a good looking man ; his grand carriage, dark crisp, ourlinghkir, steady grey eyes, straight note and extraordinarily expressive month and determined looking chin, taken in asso ciation with his cool, self-contained manner, his commanding pretence and his clean shaved lace, made it not at all a matter of surprisa that he ehonld have been frequently mistaken by atrsngere for an actor or some prominent practitioner at the bar. an idea, however, soon dispelled at sonnd of his unemotional, low pitched, matter-of-fact, every day stmt of voice—the voioe of a " (sty man in short.   hie plaoe, as i have also said, was parfeot, and the dinner he had just given us "fit for the gods on high olympntwhile thehei dselok's monopole we were drinking wassnoh a tap m no jovian qnaffer of parnassian neo tar ever imagined, muoh lest tested, amidst the delights of his most ambrosial banquet; and at for the cigars, which wen after smoked with long-drawn exststb) inhalations of appreciative content and enjoyment and dreamy whiffs qf delight i ah, there indeed the gods might have envied ns more highly   favouied mortals.   how often afterwards on the burning plaine of central australia did we three vainly long for but one sip of that oool amber monopole.   "auriferous longbow" was a well-bred, slight, compactly-knit man about 6 ft, 9 in. in height, with fair wavy hair above a high, intellectual forehead, a laugh ing blue eye, a long, golden-hoed monataohe with drooping ends- adorning a pleasantly-smiling month, and beneath which one occasionally caught a glimpse of regular white teeth: a good-humoured ohin with a tendency to "a doableand last, bat aseuredty not least, the noee of a typical roman kmperor, ' bowyer's was the kind _ of nose -by the nndeviatingly following of which its owner would un doubtedly be able to get through the world. a nose which made itself recognised and respected in all society, an impnaent noee if yon like, yet not an obtrusively aggressive nose far all that: a nose, too, that could wrinkle up and .be inexpressible comic at tlmea when its owner were telling one of his outrageously impossible yarns with a fine vein of satire ana qanint conceit and humour running through it.   the out of anriferons's garments was of the most correot fashion and unimpeachable fit, and from_ his catseye collar-stud to hie sapphire ring, from his plump, white hand and tapering, aristocratio fingers,, to his highly- bred instep and shapely foot in its neat evening shoe, be was clearly a man well aoqnainted with ail the usages of society, and as much at home with a duke as with adust man. and he could sing a very good song in a mellow voice, not altogether guiltless, how ever, ot a little touch of nasal twang, as though that imposing nose of his must needs make itself notioed even in his singing, and with a verve and go which were irresistibly provocative of attempt* at a chorus on the part ol his companions, no matter how in harmonious were their contributions to the strain.   for myself, behold a party about thirty five years oid. who, never having had ahead aebe in his life nor a worse sickness than such a passing attaok of fever and ague aa a matutinal doae of quinine would eerve to dis sipate, nor a-more grievous pain than the gnawing pangs of. starvation and the noon tide madness of thirst on the great australian plains, must, i snppose, be accredited with the possession of what it used to be the fashion to describe as "rude" health. 1 stand exactly 6 ft. 11 in, iu my socks and 1 ride is stone. as for looks—" handsome is as handsome does," and one fears that one has never yet achieved anything deserving   «34. stt, a   my father, admiral vroy. of portsmouth. 5?%. *1 ¥*5* "ader of anolentboec »ks5velv v me, omrtened marco polo, whereby i became in my balafl dan known imongrt my fellow offiosra in india first aa   shanked, long-bodied subaltern was even a little more inappropriate than military „ioi. names usually are, and that ie saying a good   5^", m^an0inor stuokto me, not only on _ india's coral strand, bnt preceded me to where afrlc'a ennny fonntalna "?p°pu!"iy opposed to roll down tholr £°ld>tnaan£;and from plki1 mall, when i happen to know a man or two, and have even a bowleg acquaintance with a gracious lady fe? ®£!i there, to pieter maritzbnrz • from piooadilly to pillawillaena in central any.   i ffswered adsum to the familiar greeting of "pony" vroy. —   ktoough about myself. how came hamer msi?. lf8efw p*ftner' "" fact, for the matter of that, sole representative of the tanktng-honse of vavasour bona & mar tindale? well, this isn't a pedigree of the vavasour family, nor is it a hutorieal record of the genealogy of the martlndales, ao it boots not to tall how old mir coortbope vavasour died, leaving aa his heiress one daughter,who- married, first, edmund martin dale, aon mid hear of old guy martlndale. sir   courthope spmtaer.and—being leftaohbdlasa '   widow—second jonathan cix™   and succeeding heir of oldg^jbgs^*   deceased, in whom twain was vested us wjoie °f t.h« banking business aforesaid,hnd who had lesue one eon, john mstt above mentioned, who combined fa htoufrmo person the famiues of vavasour end martin   2&«5f,4elffd,u   thin«ts lh"i&ove; all   thing* a man of bnatnesa, andsobfe-wsa.   ™j?a.ni. to 5 p.m. with his nose metaphori cally sharpening at fliegrindefonebtottiand   mm paradox-his   •vmrsfflwtgf33s&   equatorial seas a man whose' wilifnat . dedight after the money article in thb^vmea was in reading the journal of any hew ex plorer, and in vainly wishing that he. too   could go and do likewise. ' ' ,   a heaven-bom financier—that la at wave •opposing the birthplaoe of great fioimdcn to be of a celestial locality—to the world, heart °ahined, and confined vagabond at „™1d " p<»,3r" ,»roy b€,d" the most oircum gywtory of rolung atones, with no moss   £1% proouvi_"m whatsoever, a regular here-to-day-gone-to-morow, emtio aort of n   to?2«sc«?im<'folit,u^'s,at bowl became known to rlcn*mu> hsmerton. first, bv my journal of a boating   th^mas?" f ^bego, and afterwards through the medium of our common " anri ferous" bowyer, alias longbow.   p»sent was but one of many plea sant little dinners i had eaten beneath ham , ertcn'ehospitablebachelwroof ™   thrni- ff™?'" as n preliminary, thrown off a few of hit eneezy litue twisten!   i quietly settled down to a narrative of aotne of ' i the most hair-raising "stiff una" it hath ever   ""bid "rf man to conceive.   ho was in fine form, and i enjoyed it all im mensely. 1 never met a man, oven in the far west, who was fit to hold a oandle to " auri ferous, when romancing—to give it a polite   ! mme-wae the order oftbe day. hfc £ss? '   vagant fanoy, and daring flights of the imagi ^ji °i were inimitable, end his consnmm!£, coolness, and unaffected air of trctbfusess   reeling off 0„. 0thfr   bot ^ve yon think he was an k or mere vulgar mun   ohauien; be would have scorned the base in. •inflation. and a low paltry lie wm a wort unknown in his vocabulary. £ honestly be fnrve«!e £?n<li himself as close a stickler &jhe;« bb» »y. ®ren the youtsul no joum ur'?1510? -°l °herry- tree renown. «o doubt be fanoied he could not tell a lie. &£ 80 8 ^ way. and imagix*   fnrther; ftnd, certain it is, he was incapable of narrating a plain unvarnished   t&kenos; nearly ml over the habi table globe, and crowded more hair-breadth escapes into one half hour than most men-even liberally gifted zs   at that — cpuld cram into iw®»ty-'onr solid columns of small type,   \- u8 a,rei«in in his champague.   tomth^'ve hw spell-bound audience time to .jeering this interval of wonder mixed with awe, john hamerton looked quietly aorosa ^i^erens, dropped the .itump of to cigar into the ash tray, and remarked in a   tone of pensive admimtion   bowy^"°atly y0at yew remarkably well, ••r'dinttymn'ti.ribkly answered aurlferoue, aivrtw^ gnarled and knotted limbs   "py f'k11 of the sere and   atonish^nth"* why this gaze of awestruck   at ®y perennial youtbfuloem?   ?t^'waadhfrgj^w.''1" neitheram   "'rc&uy;," returned hamerton irnper   turbably," now do you know it's a carious ! thing, but 1 have iust been totting up in my head the sum total of the yean comprised in those very marvellous and interesting adven ti reo you have been so graphically describing to us, and—er—yes, i make your age to be, in round figures, one hundred and fifty-seven, 1 may be a year or two or so ont one way or another, ae some of your more juvenile ex periences were a little confusing, bat to be on the safe side let na say you are x55 to 160. which is patriarchal you must confess, and upon my word bowyer yon don't look it, nor anything like it."   auriferous laughed and baid "ah, 1 was never any good at dates, ohronology was always my weak point at sohool, bat for facts i'm bard to beat, i may mix my order of events up a bit; i'm afraid i do; and i never could remember numbers of years, or in fact figures of any sort, but i'm all there for facts. and that's the main | thing after ail, isn't it}" with a pleasant smile of enquiry.   and hamerton, man of figures as well as   facts, merely answered—" xo be sure." and 1 lit a fresh cigar. and then he proceeded to open out the motive whieh had led to his giving ns the little dinner.   "i am a trifle below par," said the banker,   •'nothing particularly wrong, but hardly as i fit ub i ought to feel 1 suppose that j ten years of snoh work as mine' without a holiday mubt tell sooner or   later, and i have deoided upon taking a i good long spell on the principle of the jack tar who saves np his regulation serves of rum until he haa sufficient for a good appreciable . drunk, so i have debarred myself of th£ city man's annual fortnight in order, when a favourable opportunity and fitting season should arrive, to'take it all   out in a solid twelve months stretch of vaca tion." '   longbow and i applauded the resolution i of our host, and waited for what should follow.   " the day long looked forward to has now arrived," continued hamerton, and my programme having been faithfully carried   ont, i can leave my business in safe hands j for a year, or even two, and indulge in my bohemian fancy for a wanderer's life."   longbow ana i expressed ourselves as ex tremely glad to hear it, and etill listened patiently for the proposition to which we   both felt inwardly certain this was but an '   introduction.   " yon, vroy." proceeded the practical systematic banker, " have a great idea of discovering somewhere in the centre ot australia traces of the higher race whom your theory leads yon to believe once inha bited that quarter of the globe, when the present vast australasian continent was a far stretching, wave washed arohipelago."   i aoqniesced that inch in truth was my hobby.   " and an extremely feasible theory it is," aaid hamerton, " and i have been much interested in your oooabional references to it   in your various journals of exploration."   and here with all the true enthusiast's   ision for riding and displaying the paoes of | bis pet hobby, i was for adducing my logical   reasons for tne idea, the geological evidence of the great salt plains in the interior, the island-like oontour and formation of the rooky; higher traots of country, and a score of soientmo arguments, all going to show that the australia of to-day onoe consisted of a hobt of small and great islands, studding a comparatively shallow sea, and varying in a marked degree both in their flora and adapta bility to the requirements of human life; and having once"iaunehed" myself—more mixing of metaphors—on my favourite topic, i should   probably have preached away for an hour j   upon the enchanting text, bnt with a cour teous wave of his hand, and a smiling incli nation of the head, as who shonld say 'we sre entirely with you,' our boat turned to auriferous and remarked—   ''and you, bowyer, are longing for an opportunity of proving your hypothesis, that   there still remain unearthed in the heart of this same marvellous australia vast deposits of alluvial gold, incalculably rioh boulders of nuggets as far eolipbing tne wondronb dis coveries of mount alexander ondbendigo, as   those surpassed the previous diggings of the i modern world." '   auriferous smiled, and his smile was as eloquent as if he had said " i am cock sure of   it." i   "and," continued hamerton "i have heard you express a confident belief, booked up, i must confess, by veiy convincing and irrefragible arguments, that fabulously rioh as is tins new mount morgan in queensland   there are mounts sitnated in certain parallels j of longitade and particular geological stratain i central australia—   "ancient mud volcanoes," interrupted auriferous, "now of a dark purple slate for mation, conglomerated with quartz, and posi tively chock full of gold, sir 1"   "just so," oalmiy returned hamerton,   and " i am now proposing " .   ah, the proposition at last i and we both bent eagerly forward.   " proposing," said our cool, level-headed | boat, "to lay before you two experienced men a scheme whereby you may both have a fairly good chanob of realizing your dreams, or at any rate of testing the correctness of your respeotive theories."   andtherenpon in a few,short, business-like sentences hamerton explained how that he was prepared to devote a truly goodly sum out of his modest (!) savings to organize a party for the exploration of a certain uu penetrated portion of central australia, bowyer and i to contribute our experienoe and knowledge as travellers as our share of the capital of the firm and oar position in the firm, and file object of onr search to be as laid down by onr hobt, namely—that is to   say   "marco polo vroo, explorer, leader in command of the expedition.   " personal object—disoovery of traces of prehistoric ocoupationof high lands of central and nortb-westem australia by a hardy cultured race of oriental extraction, probably assimilated to the babylonian or chaldean people.   " arthur bowyer, traveller, seoond in com   mand.   " object—discovery of the great gold drift of australia and the voloanio matrix mount.   "johnhamerton,banker, treasurer, and   providore.   " object—the recovery of health and tem orary indulgence of a natural, inherent but itherto unsatisfied love of a vagabond's life."   " beg pardon. sir," here interrupted i hamerton s man, phitkin, who had been 1   handing round coffee daruig the above re- : capitulation of the muster roll and general   orders, " beg pardon, sir, bnt will yon be | pleased to add 'philip phitkin, man-ser vant."   " objek—the pursoot of dooty.   "nonsense, phitkin," ejaoulated hamerton somewhat sternly, as though annoyed at the seeming impertinence, although he allowed greater liberties to this trusted, well-tried, man of his than millionaire masters are wont ip permit in their servants.   por bitl   "beg pardon, sir, and hope you will excuse the liberty, but i couldn't think of letting you go on this expedition without your msn to look after you. not to be spoken of, sir; tut, tut, never heard of such a thing."   "but phitkin, it will be an arduous, possibly a dangerous undertaking; certainly i ailing for the exercise of great endurance. whoever forms one of our party mubt be prepared to face peril, to put up cheerfully with many privations, to buffer, it may be, bunger and thirst, and to have in his com position no weak hankering alter the flesh pots of egypt."   " beg pardon, sir," argumentatlvely inter posed phitkin; " bat those little drawbaoks which yon mention are jubt the very reasons why any man as is a man would feel it his bounden dooty to make one of the expedition for the purpose of lookieg after his master's comfort in such a comfortless land. and as   for the flesh pots of egypt, sir, i have heard it said that those australian tinned meats are very fair eating; so no ocoasion for turning myself into a pillar of salt by looking back regretfully to egypt, sir.*' phitkin's knowledge of the story of lot's wife was a confused recollection.   then turning to myself he said—   " yon are the leader in command of the expedition captain vroy, i understand; very well, eir, 1 enlist under your colours, so please write down my name, philip phitkin, manservant in attendance on john hamer ton, esq. objek, the pursoot of booty, and if there's any oath to be sworn or vow of allegiance to be made 1 am quite ready to kiss the book or down on my knees this instaht, captain,"   £ looked at hamerton with a questioning smile, hardly knowing what to do or say, and the banker laughing back said   *' oh, put thejoolish fellow's name down; 1 know from experience it is no use trying to thwart the stubborn self-willed man when he has made np. hie mind to any course which his peculiar mania leads him to sup-, pose is the path of duty. where hie master is ooneerned phitkin has a most quixotio sense of duty, with a oapitai d, and as you can see, imagines himself to be indispen sable."   so phitkin was made a member of our party as requested, nay more, stipulated upon, and left the room with a self-satisfied, sedately smiling air of triumph, and i verily believe prooeeded straight npstairs to his master's room to look over his shirts and wardrobe in preparation for the journey.   he was a jewel of a servant, quiok, and ob servant without being fussy or officious, methodical, neat in figure, of medium height, with a good-looking, round face, brown eyes, and shrewd humorous mouth, long thoughtful nose, whioh surely ought to have belonged to another type of face, and the firm prominent chin of a man with a will of his own; clean shaved, of course, excepting the very faintest indications of sideboards high np, on a level with hie rather big, good-natured ears—evi dently enough none of the sharp-pointed, inwardly- bent ears of a sly, cunning listener, but good, honest, flat ears that were content to mmd their own business, and would give no audience to any whisper of scandal con cerning " the master," or any individual com ing under the heading of "a friend of the master." no keyhole-peeper, nor parlour door evesdropper this, but a straight np and down honest little chap, proud of his eervioe, and etaunoh to the backbone in everything touohing the master's interests.   fiisny a time, in the days whioh followed, did we thank our luoky stars that, amongst our expedition, was numbered philip phitkin, manservant, " objek" the pursoot ol dooty.       chapter ii   chapter ii.   01 conras it waa not to be aoppoaed that the preliminaries of an enterpriae of anoh magnitnde aa oura, undertaken with the ob jeet of throwing a new light upon the history of the human raoe, and to open up hidden fields rich with the potentiality of acquiring wealth beyond the wildest dreams of avarice, oould be speedily or easily settled. there was much to do—and, upon the principle, that if " 'twere well 'twere done, 'twere well 'twere done quickly," we threw oar whole energies into our work, and did not let the graaa [grow under our feet. consequently, there were many more of those pleasant little dinners at hamerton's; and numberless com mittee meetings, and boards of consultation at one or other of our rooms in the oity, or at the wanderers' club, to arrange matters of   detail.   our programme, briefly, was to travel aa far as albany by one of tne p. & o. steamers, then to coast up the shores of western aus tralia to roebuck bay; thence striking in land with camels, and a fully equipped expe   dorado, i   ditiou, in search of longbow's jil dorado, my   lost archipelago, hamerton's vale of health, and phitkin'a path of dooty.   this meant, first writing to adelaide, and engaging three afghans and half-a- dozen camels to go round by sea to king george's sound, there to await onr arrival. respect ing that part oi the programme, there was no difficulty, as i was well assured myoid friend phais mahomet, one of the largest oamel ownera in south australia, and whose ao qnaintanoe i had (made at kuraohee a few years previously, would be only too pleased to do me a service; eo, commencing my letter with the usual formnla" salaam to you and all afghans," i wrote cat my order—and having dispatched it by outgoing mail, felt quite at ease upon the leading question of land transport service.   the next point was to engage a small coast-1 ing steamer to run us and our impedimenta from albany up to roebuofc bay ; and hern again we found no diffionlty. a cablegram to longbow's friends—messrs. brownpoint and spot, of albany, secured us exactly what we required; and in a few days, back came the reply" arranged passage coasting eteamer—april."   concerning stores, we did not bother in england, knowing that we conld obtain all that we needed, and far better in australia; and this left us nothing else, so far aa prepa rations went, to look after, exoepting our out   fit.   to old travellers like longbow and my self—more especially, perhaps, your humble servant—the item of outfit waa a very minor consideration; bnt, naturally, the banker, hamerton, regarded the item as of more aerions moment; and hamerton's man, phit kin, evidently classed it amongst the most important of all matters connected with onr expedition calling for forethought and care. camels were doubtless, useful, and a coai ting steamer probably necessary to the anooeisf ol carrying out of onr enterprise; but the ship of tne desert, and the steamer of the eea were as nothing, mere trivial matters of de tail, compared with the grave question of the master's outfit. as for the white drill suite he purchased—the sets of pyjamas—the crimean shirts—the silk socks and hand knitted lambawool stockings and gaiters, and dozens of pairs of shoes ana lace-ups, and rid ing boots andbreeohes, and sporting jaoketa and slouch hats and solar helmets—phitkin proposed toiaolude in his master's baggage—   they were enough in nnmter and bulk to alarm the old hand in command of the expe dition, who had usually fonnd one battered old ann helmet and a couple of jaoketa, with a cloth flap-eared cap, and an extra pair of stout hobnailed boots—acoompanied by a 'possum akin rng, and an oilakin, fully auffi cient equipment to carry him across the aus tralian oontinent.   even the personally oondncted tourists of the world-famed mr. cook, are, i believe, judiolouely restricted as to bulk and weight of luggage, hoar much more then should some discretionary limit be placed upon the num ber and ponderosity of the goods and chattels of a member of an exploring expedition. we have it npon traditionary authority that it is the last straw whioh breaks the camel's back, and although a good well-trained eamel will comfortably carry its load of fonr to five hundred-weight, still the line moat be drawn somewhere, and consequently, i aa leader in command of the expedition drew it at eighty pounds avoirdupois baggage per individual, and aa was only to be expected, this stem deeision filled the soul of phitkin with dire dismay.   "beg pardon, captain vroy," urged he, always ready and willing cheerfully to obey orders, " but eighty pounds, captain, for the master is really reducing it too low; i could not do it in the compass, captain, i trooly   oonld not"   " bnt this isn't a picnio, yon mnat bear in mind, phitkin; it is an exploring expedition to the wildb of australia," said 1, " and only that which is absolutely necessary most be taken. what with stores and tentb and tools   and ammunition—to say nothing of water bags and barrels, and the acore of odds and ends, medical comforts, and so on—all of which are' inseparable from the equipment of an undertaking of this sort, there will be qniteenongh for onr few camels and string of pack-horses to hanl over the sandy plains and rooky ranges, as it is. eighty pounds avoir dupois per individual; not an onnoe more, phitkin, for even solomon in all his glory."   "beg pardon, captain vroy," persisted phitkin, " bnt i wasn't for a moment regard ing the expedition in the light of a feet sham peter : not at all, captain: and i reoognlsetbe exigencies of the eitnation," as them m.p.'s say—"from an expeditionary point of view; yet, take the case of the children of israel; according toallacoounte, they oarried away with them a pretty considerable variety of household goods: in faot, it strikes me, cap tain, that when they started off out of goshen after spoiling the egyptians, their pilgrimage mnst have presented very mnch the appear ance of a flitting, and yet they had a longish desert to faoe,_ and managed too to get aafelijr through it, slowly, but surely, epite   their encumbrances of gold and silver, ivory, and apes and peacocks.   phitkin's mixing up of scriptural history was really delicious.   "and though, of course," continued this faithfnl retainer, "i wouldn't presume to question your deoision, captain; a travel ler of your experience ought to know exaotly how many changes of linen can eafely be paoked on a camel's hump muoh better than aperaon like myself, who hardly knows a dromedary from a cassowary on the plains   of timbnotoo—still now, don t it atrike you,; captain vroy, as there might be a little latitoodgiven to 'themaster.'"   " very well, phitkin, but mind this is the last time i can allow any questioning of my decisions. once in the field i shall expect nndeviating obcdienoe. my word must be law there.   " why, oertainly. captain vroy—   1 ours not to make reply, j   ours not to reason why,   ours but to do and-if necessary—die,'   aa the bid song has it; but you were saying, captain, with respect to the master that he might be allowed—   'one hundred and fifty pounds of luggage, everybody elbe eighty ponndb."   " mnch obliged, captain," and thna ended onr little dispute.   as for hamerton himself, he did not trouble his head nor oare a fag whether he   were allowed a whole baggage train to him-1 self or restricted to a gladstone bag—in abort, so bent was he upon hie indulgence of hie roving propensity, combined with the search for health, that 2 verily believe he would have been' prepared to atart forth on his wanderings burdened only with the tramp's conventional handkerchief en wrapped bundle slung at the end of bis shoulder balanced blaokthorn stick, and with   a box of cockle's antibilioue pills and a bottle of eno's fruit salt for medical comforts. i never saw a cool-headed, calculating, un emotional man of business so anxious to be off " npon the wallaby track."   auriferous longbow made his unassuming preparations in a quiet methodical, old traveller fashion, and at onr last committee meeting, a week before the date of the starting of oar steamer, he oarelesely palled a paper from hia breast pocket, and unfolding it, and, affixing his pined nez, read ont the list "of a few little useful articles" i   thought it as well to have pnt together,   'irna» tf.om • "a winnvieiaf.ftp   „ a winchester   repeating rifle—capital firearm a winchester eh, cartriges. bneb, pony, pocket filters— typhoid and hydatids, you know; dwarf camera, and a dollond'e field- glass, "revol   ?ea, of course, you have got an ample npply of"   i approved of the list, especially the win cheater, and mentally determined to make no more purchases for our expedition in england, but leave the rest of our prepara tions for completion in australia.   the following week saw onr party all on board the " begum" bound for albany, and great was our surprise on going below to look at onr staterooms to find our portmanteaus unpacked, brnshbags and spongeraok railed up, swinging bookshelves hung, deck shoes placed ready for putting on, pyjamas neatly folded on onr franks, and all onr little odds and-ends arranged for ns as by a careful hand, so that we had nothing to do but to proceed on onr watery way in comfort, un troubled by those tirebome preparatory ham merings and fixingb which prove such a nuisance to your outward-bound voyager, particularly he of the bachelor persuasion.   "this is your work, i suppose, phitkin, said hamerton, turning to his man who btooa observant fay. " very thoughtful of yon. i am sore we all appreciate the aooeptableness   ' captain of your well-timed aervioes, eh,   vroy and mr. bowyer?"   auriferous and i oordially acquiesced.   " nothing like taking the bull by the fore lock, sir," aa the old adage bays," responded phitkin. " i don't know kow yon gents are affected by a life on the ocean wave. paro bably captain vroy and mr. bowyer being such old travellers oan afford to laugh at the gambols of father heptane, bnt i wouldn't presntne to speculate, sir, how yon are likely to feel yonreelf before bedtime, and aa for me. sir, not being one of those who ie acoub tomed to go down into the sea in bhipb, who see the wonders of the great deep, i folly ex pect i shall be placed horse de combat with malde mare long before midnight, and so i thought it as well to make myself useful while 1 could."   good, honest phitkin—his anticipations   were fully realized, and after he had left as to meander in a mops and brooms, ataggery sort of fashion to his own quarters, clutching wildly at the hand- rail along the narrow pas sage between the cabins, and vainly endea vouring to preserve his dignity and equi librium amidst the heaving and rolling of she steamer in the short ohoppy sea, we saw him no more again nntil we lay off gibraltar. .   i am not going to describe the voyage out; it was the usual programme of breakfast,   luncheon, and dinner—brandy pawnee, and cigars; rope quoits and moonlight flirtations; oonoerts in the saloon—dances on the deck— malta, port said, the canal—semi-snifooation in the red sea, where phitkin was keenly on the look- out for the fording-pl&ce; where the children of israel crossed over " with old shoes, and olouted," as he miaquoud; and son-baked aden — colombo, with its sham gems and filagree jewellery — the indian ocean, and shoals of flying fish, whioh phitkin learnedly described as the bats of the marine kingdom, and "the long wash of australasian seas" aronnd cape lea win to king george's sound, and albany.   at albany, we found awaiting us three stalwart, six foot, majestic-looking sons of the desert, whom phitkin, ever with an eye to the piotnresqne, immediately ohristened abra ham, isaac, and jaoob; also half-a-dozen well- grown, healthy oamels, of the maoramee breed, north of knrachee; and we learned from bowyer's friends, messrs. brownpoint and spot, that there would be no diffiioulty in making np oar complement of volunteers, as there were fully a dozen experienced bash men all ready and anxious to join our expedi tion in any capacity we might choose.   seeing that we only wanted three good, re liable stockmen, used to long journeys ic the interior,- we foresaw no trouble on this head end discovering likewise from the same source that onr coasting-steamer would leeve for roebuck bay in five days, we at onoe set abont the purchase of our train of pack horses, and the completion of onr outfit, wo pioked np a score of wirey eix to ten year old station horses, and were encoessfol in prcsur icq everything we required in the way of stores in the thriving little town, first aud last port of call on the australian ronte of the royal mail steamers, and the future great coaling station of the yet to be anglo- austra lian navy.   in three days our arrangements were com plete, and there was nothing now to do hot to wait for onr boat—meanwhile passing the time in rabbit-shooting, and other similar humble sports. —   and even here, upon the very threshold of onr jonrney, occurred an adventnre which well nigh closed the exploring career of one of the members of our party, and that no isbb important a member than philip phitkin, manservant—objek—the pubsoozof boozr.   phitkin had made hie first acquaintance with the camel as a beast of burden at port said—his previous knowledge of the ship of the desert being restricted to a view of a mangy dromedary in a travelling menagerie at a country fair; but with the eagerness of a student in the enthralling seienoe of natural hibtory, be was ambitious of more closely in vestigating the structure and habits of the ungainly animal, and found, as he thought, in the present a favourable opportunity for efffloting bis laudable deblgn.   so, sallying forth valiantly at nightfall with a note-book and a taps-measure, what time those patriarchs, abraham, isaac, mid jaoob were partaking of their frugal evening meal, phitkin quietly made his way to the hotel yard where the camels were tethered in a   circle.   the sun had sst, but there was still suffi cient light, aided by the pale effulgenoe of a moon nearly at the full, to enable him to pur sue hie researches with some degree of cer tainty, and arrived at the yard, he was over heard by a stable-boy smoking an after sap per pipe by the horse-trongh, to make the following observations on the specimens of the genus camelns arabicns sedately kneeling in the band of the yard, apparently obliviona of his contemplation.   " face like a leicester ram," jotted down phitkin, "with a hangin' flabby nnder iip like that priest swallowing em oyster in the picture; neck like a half-starved, broken mouthed lancashire ewe; hump like a hay cock, and much the same colour; legs likean overgrown lanky ooohln rooster's; feet like old lady vavasour's guttapercha airoushion, i know, only, i can't eee them, tacked under in that fashion." hi, stand np 1 addressing the camels ; " salaam, bismillah, get np with you, you oud-chewing,long-neoked generation of perambslatiog mabommedan water-tanks: ' hop light, loo, and show yonr pretty feet, aa the poet saye. and hereupon vociferating encouragingly, and tugging vigorously at the cord of the nearest oamet, phitkin proceeded to nimbly administer sundry lively kicks on the attenuated haunches of the ngly scowling eyed brnte from far kurachee, who, appa rently " handled in that sort had never been before," and resented the indignity by elura aily lumbering into an upright position, and reaching forth his elongated ewe-like neck, , ?' opened his capaoioua jaws," and viciously grabbed poor phitkin by the fieshypart of the left arm, and there held him, _ meanwhile fiendishly grinning and maturing farther plane of vengeance.   by this time all the rest of the half-dozen camels were upon their legs, and ready, if wanted, to join in the sport, and ceased tem porarily to roll the cud, preparatory to get ting a mcutbful of this sacriligious dog of a christian. poor phitkin therefore was in a terrible predicament, and probably the next scene in the drama would nave been a fierce onslaught by the infuriated camel—the drag ging of poor phitkin to the ground, and the stamping out of his life beneath the pounding hoofs, so elastic in their springing walk aorobs the yielding sand, so dull and heavy, and crashing when brought savagely down like ao many rapidly descending quartz stampers upon the lifeless breast of the prostrate vic tim of the camel's oftentimes unreasoning, infuriate wrath.   but seeing that matters were rapidly reach ing a critical point, the stable- boy ran off in hot haste, and with frantio cries for the afghans, who almobt instantly arriving opon the soene, the tallest of the three uttered some strange sounding arab words of oom mand in a qniok decisive voice, accompanied by an upward gesture of the band—aud the assailant of poor phitkin reluctantly released his grip, and one by one, the whole half-dozen camels gradually went through the cumber some manoeuvres inseparable from a resump tion of a kneeling posture.   the afghans then angrily turned and abused phitkin in what no doubt was choice arabio or kuraohes, or maybe sanscrit, for middling with their camels, and aggravating them into attaoking him. what they evi dently said was, that these were exception ally docile dromedaries, qnlet to ride or drive, a child could manage them with a thread of cotton: lambs, in fact, but, of oontbe, if a paul pry of a dog of a christian commenced making invidious notes upon their personal peculiarities, and proceeded to rough usage, that dog of a christian mubt expect to get what he deserved. otherwise, when properly treated, there particular six camels were as they said before—lambs! very lambs,   and phitkin, ruefully rabbin; his arm, made answer, and said—   if yon i«s a came), and he wouldn't rise, don't yon kick him, notif ytm'ie wife   and picking up his fallen note-book and pen cil, made the following final record respect ing the cameloa arabians—" teeth long and yellow as the fange of the witch of endor, and bite like a birmingham vice—' cave ca meli,' aa we aay in the classics 1"   learning afterwards of this adventure, i confess 1 contemplated with some dismay the prospect of on expedition numbering amongst its psrty an individual possessed of phitkin's pecnliar genins for getting into scrapes, and troubled with each an inquisitive turn of mind. 1 therefore took occasion to bpeak firmly to him upon the hazard likely to ensue to the whole party consequent upon a repi tition of each ill-advieed proceedings on the part of one of its members, phitkin took it all in good spirit, for he was an excellent, obedient fellow, and, contrary to hie usual familiarity, merely replied—"beg pardon, captain, sorry to offend, shan't occur again; objek in future less scientific research, ana more etrikly dooty 1" and i can truthfully say that he oonscientioubly carried oat his promise.       chapter iii   chapter hi.   having lately got ashore at roebuck bay with all our heterogeneous goods and chattels, and landed our horses and camels from the steamer, attending which latter operation no   aught difficulty was enoonntered, bot by the assistance of messrs. abraham, isaac, and. jacob, as pacifiers and enocouagers in -ordinary, the smartness of the steamer'e crew in handling the slings, and the comfortable capacity of the barge aent out to meet us, successfully sur mounted, the real praotioal start of our expe dition commenced.   our party now comprised ten in number i namely, myself as leader; hamerton and bowyer, phltkin—(otijours phitkin; abra ham, isaac, and jacob, aforesaid, and three   sriendid stockmen, called respectively—   town, jones, and robinson, for distinction,   although their true patronymics were of a much less oommon charaoter. as has been already mentioned, we had six camels, and our riding and packhorses nnmbered ten. i had pioked out a strong wiry little bay geld ing, bearing, by astrange coincidence, the same name as our starting-point—''boebuck," for my own espeoial " nanto." hamerton ohose a big upstanding bony horse, with, lots of endurance and hard work about him, called "dutchman;" audbowyer quickly made up his mind to the possession of a tough, closbly ribbed, round barrelled, little white-faced, brown mare, christened because of a curious whitv grey mark upon her near quarter, patchy. ourmen were suitably accom modated, and the four reserves for paok or saddle, as oircumstances might necessitate, were capital bush horseb. our oamels of course were our standby as beasts of burden, and cheerfully did they take up their loads and trudge, that is if suoh a lugubrious melancholy visaged animal as a camel oan ever be properly described as assuming a cheerful demeanour. abraham, isaac, and jacob, in high turbans of volumi nous folds, and flowing whits garments with blaok, gold - embroidered jackets, each respectively holding hie camel's nose rope, and stalking majestically in front of the patiently plodding "gaunt ungainly brule of yore."   so all our belongings loaded up, waterbsgs filled and medical comforts packed with mora than ordinary precaution, did our cavalcade set forth upon its long and adventurous journey; striking in a north-west direction towards the fitzroy river, aorobs the spinifer oovered, sparsely timbered plains, meeting the first day a small tribe of natives, to whoee facial expression a peculiar effeot was added by reason of the men having eaob two of their front teeth missing—knooked out on reaching their majority, as a tribal distinc tion. these were the mat australian abori gines phitkin had ever seen, and we noticed nis penoil and notebook busily at work jotting down their peculiarities. it was interesting to observe the evident admiration and awe with which these savages," untutored, wild," regarded the splendid stature and glorious apparel of our afghans.   neaiing the fitzroy we passed several low, ragged, sandstone hilla covered with spiniiex and canegrase growth, and saw a good many boab-trees growing even right in among the rocks, which speaks strongly for their vitality and powers of absorption. it is a common saying that one cannot get blood out of a stone, but the boab-tree, like moses, clearly pobbeseee the ability to get water out of a rock.   the fitzroy river is a grand stream, flowing through magnificent flats, whloh at the time of our arrival on its banks had evidently been recently submerged beneath broad flood-waters, and the ground in places was more or less boggy. here we camped on a little rise overlooking a small tributary stream, whose picturesque banks were fringed with graceful northern australian palms. we enjoyed some fair fishing and wild-fowl shooting in this favoured spot, and spent a really very jolly week 'camping out', fish for breakfast—and for supper baked teal and wild duck and waterhens—roasted native fashion, in clay.   " if this is exploration," remarked phitkin sententiouly, one beautiful balmy evening. apropos of onr jnet finished repast, at which he had stood behind ' the master' irreproach ably clad in white nankeen, although there was really nothing for him to serve, onr viands being spread upon the grass and oar beverage being tea—" if this is exploration," said he, " then i was labouring under a de lusion when i imagined it differed very materially from a picnic, but perhaps it will grow a little less luxurious as we get farther inland." i assured him that he could safely bet his bottom dollar it would.   breaking camp we proceeded towards the king leopold ranges, not that i particularly expected to find any verification of my ethnological theory in that direction, nor did bowyer hope to find there his great matrix mount, but at the same time be was anxious to see something of the klmberley district, and hamilton, being also desirous of pene trating beyond the ranges, i, of course, took that route. the ohief feature in the range that attracted our attention was a peak fully 2,000 feet hish, the top of which was in accessible, owing to a rampart of rock ris ing precipitously about 200 feet from its summit. we, therefore, made onr way to monnt humbert, discovered by alexander forrebt. the explorer, and climbing its fiat top—fully 1.200 feet high—we (that is, ham erton, bowyer, and myself) sat down while phitkin, who had acoompanled us in his character of faithful retainer to the master, served out a medicinal dose of grog from the flask he had thoughtfully filled before lea ring camp, with my knowledge and approval, for as leader of the expedition kept a fall control over the spirits and few bottles of beer and wine we bad inolnded in our stores. here then, seated on this lofty plateau, we drank a health to king humbert of italy, and gazed down upon a large river, visible in the dia   tance, and down upon a country covered with loose atoneb, so thick that aoircely a bare place oonla be seen.   however, i am not going to take np your time, and perhaps weary your patience, by -describing the daily, or even weekly, features of onr journey. suffioe it to bay. that, after innumerable efforts to pierce the range, we were, like forrest, compelled to give up the endeavour and return to the fitzroy. but many and exoiting were the adventures and perilons difficulties which met us on onr path, '—abrupt precipices of perpendicular rock, falling sneer a thousand feet, impene trable ramparts of granite rock, towering in an inaccessible wall—to which the wall of china is as a back-garden bonndary- fence— towards the clonds, winding gorges strewn with gigantio bonlders, steep inclines, and veritable dungeon keepb and fort-like environ ments of ragged rocks! how we got op to some of the fearful places we ascended i am sure i do not know, and however we clam bered down again without sacrificing at least a limb, to say nothing of our neoks, is still a greater wonder. nor was the scenery wholly of a wild and savage type or unrelieved by any bit of quiet sylvan beauty. there were some most pioturesqne spots, lovely passes, with beautiful waterfalls from 10 to 20 feet feet in height foaming over the lagged rooks, and running into mangrove swamps at, the bead of a shallow inland si   sea. nor must it be .supposed that these varions excursions were   undertaken without considerable intervals of rest between, nor without much forethought   and calculation and preparation. but in j none of onr tripb did we duoover any sign of .gold in sufficient quantity to make it worth while to go in for any systematic prospecting, and onr objeot being to look for the realiza tion of onr hopes in a hitherto unexplored direction, it did not agree with our programme to push on to such proved ground as the k.im ifoerley district, wherefore finding it impossible to cross the range we with small reluctance gave np the vain attempt and turned our .horses' and camels' heads towards the south east, boldly, not to say rashly, planning, to • cross the unpenetrated sandy desert lying south of our truck. but, spits of the for •midable dangers of the undertaking, we con -.fidently felt that, with our well-appointed   j tarty, our stock of stores, and last, but not   eabt, our invalnable camels, there was a   reasonable chanoe of onr triumphing over our obstacles, and eventually working our way to good country or reaching the overland \- telegraph line in oase of emergenoy.   of the perils of that long and weary jour , ney across those desolate desert plains, of v the marvels we met in our slow dragging • onward maroh, it needs a more .experienced pen than mine to toll. uncomplainingly we plodded doggedly along, a blazing sun in a . bky like braes above our heads, hot sand ? beneath onr burning feet, ants' nests four to i five feet high upon our right.hand and our   left, occasionally coming to olumpb of soahty foliage in some oasis in the desert, guong • dong trees, willow acacias growing iu a   straggling thicket, with pink bark all in little curls and a tiuy leaf, and in the dry beds of winter waterchannels the ugly corkwood tree, and on the summit of mounds the shrub . known as the native figtree, the fruit of which, said to be deliaious when rips and black, was at the period of onr journey* alab i a bright yellow, gradually in some in stances turning red and the fruit of about the tize of a marble, not unlike in flavour to . a medlar, i am told, and full of small seeds.   bnt such oases in the desert as these were '   . rare, and the greater part of our march was   through uncompromising sand and over rough stony plains or undulating rocky country, with waterholes and springs few and far \- between, and game of every description very   very rare. but bravely did hamerton keep   \- np in the midst of such depressing surround-1   ings, an'd -in the face of hardships trying \- enough to dishearten a man far more inured   to a life of peril and hard physioal labour and endurance. not a word of disoontent or ? despair or grumbling was heard to pasb his   lips, and even when biok and weary at the end of a long waterless day's march in the : blinding heat and glaring sand we rode into   camp, he still sat firm and upright in the saddle, with a hopeful faee and grim smile of . satisfaction at reaobing our halting-plaoe,   like the true brave english gentleman he was. and as for phitkin, he was a wonder of a • serving man and a marvel of an explorer.   i sometimes almost believed that, like our \- camels and our horseb, he could smell water.   not even messrs. abraham, isaac, and jacob ' with all their desert experience, nor the   stockmen brown, jones, and robinson, old bushmen as they were, could approach phitkin for discovering the locality of water. i confessed myself completely beaten by him, and at last invariably consulted him before going off onr traok in search of the preoions fluid or deciding as to the locality of a oamp. and his fortitude, coolness, and equanimity under trying circumstances and in critioal situations were trnly extraordinary when one considered his bringing np and previous   [tea   training. nothing daunted him, nothing   disheartened him, nor served to quench his zeal or affect his spirits. he seemed truly to be inspired by his sense of "dooty." he bad volunteered for this service, and had entered into the nndertaking with a full knowledge of the possibilities incurred, and   his resolution never once wavered in all our long march aoross that apparently sborelesb sea of sand. " i have passed the ' unicorn,'" he enigmatically said to me one day—i took it he meant the bubioon—" and have burnt my boats, and there's no going back now: and even if there were, i want you to understand this, captain vroy, where my commander leads and " the master" fol lows—that's the path of dooty for philip phitkin."   i sympathized mobt with auriferons long bow, not that be needed any compassion on account of the sufferings be, with the rest of sis, was called upon to endnre. no, longbow wan too good and intrepid an old traveller to need any pity or sympathy on that soore, and right cheerfully did he bear his troubles ; bnt i could see that he daily saw less and ibbs prospect of striking that great matrix mount of virgin gold—the goal of his visionary   hopes.   and so one morning, a hot nnrefreshing dawn, with a brick-dusty sky and air like the breath of a furnace, we rose lifeless and dispirited from our sandy conches, wearily stretohed our aobing limbs and rubbed our dry, irritated eyelids, aftor a wretched, waterlesb, feverish night of thirst and unrest, and as we looked at one another in the yellow light, in each faoe oonld be seen the question, " how muoh longer are we going to keep on in this aimlesb, bedouin like fashion!'"   "mr. hamerton," said i, answering the mental enquiry, " and bowyer, i see no pros pect of attaining onr objeot by oontlnningon our present track. it is simply a parody on the poem, "desert to right orns, desert to left of ns, debert behind us, and to all appear ances desert in front of us.' i do not consider   it wise or even practicable to proceed further in our present duration, and there are there fore, as the g.o.m. wonld say, three courses open to -us—first to turn back, to deviate to the right, and endeavour to pene   (rate the country in the booth-west, or to make a direot cooree to the left hand, and eaaterly to the overland telegraph line, there   to form a new base of operations." !   nobody made any reply, bnd as my " co mates and partners in exile" were evidently waiting for a farther and more definite ex pression of my opinion as td the direction our fnture movements should make, i con tinued :—   " for the first, i strongly deprecate turning book; with great diffioulty and not without some buffering and loss of valuable horses we have come so far, and we may reasonably hope ; that the worst is over."   " ft is a long lane withont a bilver lining," philosophically remarked phitkin.   "just so, smd besides i eravely doubt whether onr horses are strong enongh to faoe a return trip on onr past month's track at on co without rest and better pasturage and a day or two of good water j and even if it | wete safe to riek it with our camels and   horses, i am afraid it would be a rash pro ceeding on th« part of some of as personally. besides, i confess i do not like the idea of tnrning back."   "nor i," quietly said hamerton. " same here," coincided bowyer.   " very well, then, we oome to the other alternative of making straight for the tele graph line. now in my opinion," said i, " that course ought to be our labt resouroe,   and i candidly do not think we have any just . reason to consider ourselves driven to such straits as such a step as that would imply,   at present, at any rate." 1   hamerton and bowyer promptly aoquiesoed i in this view of the poeition, and phitkin | oharaoteristioally observed, "granted, cap tain vroy and gentlemen, that the lines have not lately fallen to ua in -pleasant places, 1 think we ought to find onrselves landed in a   muoh worse hole than we are now in before | we begin to cry oat for the telegraph line."   " that point being unanimously oonoeded," pursued i, " there only remains the second plan, namely, to turn to the right and travel south-westerly. wherefore, to breakfast with such appetite as we may, and then boot and saddle and away."   hardly had we proceeded on onr new course for the distance of five miles when a distant, cloud-like mound became visible rising upon the sky-line in the west, and by evening it was plainly in view, a rounded hill-top of inconsiderable altitude about ten miles off; but although there was a probability of water in the rooky holes of the hill and tbs possibility of springs or pools, our horseb were too knocked np to push further that night, and so serving ont a ?mall pannikin of the precious fluid, now getting so low in onr waterbags, to the poor, thinty brutes all round, and distributing a balf pint to every man of onr party, we made an nnrelishable sapper of tinned mat ton and damper, and after smoking the pipe of peaee lay down wrapped np in our rugs to ?natch a little sleep.   the next morning early we were on the top of the little hill, and found to our un speakable relief and joy several pools of deli ciously sweet cool water among the orevioeb of the rocks, at which wo delightedly slaked our thirst, watered our horses and oamelb, and renewed the supply in our fast failing waterbags.   then we began to look around and recon   noitre the surronnding country, and were ] muoh pleased to see towering up far away in the west what through the neldglass ap peared to be a gigantic, pillar-like, solitary   rock of enormous height standing amidst the | plain, the lonely outpost of a long, dark range of sharp-peaked hills, stretch ing away in the b&ckgronnd; and to the far   north-west.   belnvigorated with the cold refreshing draughts we had quaffed, and exhllirated with that hope whlon springb eternal in the   human breast, we gave three hearty eheers,1   and to the strains of   to the west, to the week to the land of the free,   we turned our horses' heads in the direotion j of this " great rock in a thirsty land."   hour after hour did we travel steadily towards the goal of our hopes and euriobity. bat so immense was this wonderful natural monolith that by afternoon we hardly seemed to bb any nearer it than at starting in the morning, and to the evident disappointment of hamerton, though not altogether to the surprise of bowyer and myself, who had had frequent experienoe of the deoeptiveness of the apparent distance of any large object on an open plain, nightfall and camping time found us still a good march from the rook.   however, not to prolong the agony, the i next day at noon found ns close to our   bourne, and as we approached from the east, 1 the rock—by after observations found to be ! 1,600 feet in altitude—was seen to be covered on its upper heights with gallery upon gallery of oaves, while the middle and lower portions of the rocky sides were deeply farrowed, and worn into long, narrow gullies, broken up with huge boulders and fantastic honey combed masses of fallen stone, down whioh came splashing and dashing a score of mimic waterfalls, some mere triokling threads of silver glanoing from ledge to ledge in the sunlight, others, orystal cascades leaping down in tiny sheets of foam and losing them selves in hidden pools and caverns of their mysterious mountain birthplaoe.   there stood this mighty rook before our awestruck, wondering eyes, a bnge pillar of stone erected by the great arohiteot of the universe in the lonely australian debert, lifting np its bare bald head towards the clondlebb sky, with steep precipitous walls, totally inaccessible on three sides, and on the fourth offering only the most precarious footing to the adventurous climber.   but diffioult, and to a oertain extent hazardous, as was the ascent we were one and all naturally ambitions to achieve it and learn what could be seen of the promising or unpromising land from this antipodean pisgah. therefore, hamerton, bowyer, phitkin, and i, after divesting ourselves of shoes and books, essayed the elimb hare footed, and for the first few hundred feet a tough scramble it was over the sharp rooks. onoe or twice in our upward struggles i noticed what appeared to me to be the worn remains of rough hewn steps, and as we reaohed higher ground these evi dences of man's handiwork beoame more oon   secntive and distinct, until at last were plainly visible the ruined and gradually de caying traces of a vast oyclopean stairway cut out of the solid rook. soaraely aould we be lieve our eyes, and my excitement can easily be imagined by an enthusiast who has known what it is to disoover in an unlooked for quarter, and after repeated disappoint ment, the first faint, unoertain sign of the verification of his pet theory. i believe i cried—" excelsior!" and i know that i sprang up the honeycombed, deroded blocks with all tbe agility of a bedouin mounting the pyramid of cheops, followed with little less enthusiasm by my oo-explorers.   after a very toilsome asoent of some 700 feet — the primitive steps being mueh better preserved as we neared the summit—we at last found ourselves landed on   ' a broad plateau, with a speoles of rampart   running half round the faoe of the rook, and giving entranoe to a lodg row of the vast caves we had seen from the plain below. strange to eev, although the natives of this part cf australia are much given to making their winter quarters in these rock oaves, here there seemed to be no signs of aboriginal occupation; no wall-paintings of snakes rudely delineated in white lime stone, none of'those common australian native devices or red and yellow ochre draw ings oi tribal totems, such as most australian travellers have deeoribed.   bnt mural frescos and signs were not wanting, thongh of a character utterly unexpected, and differing entirely from any thing of the sort either i or bowyer had hitherto met with elsewhere in anbtralia. strange to say most of the signs bore a peouliar resemblance to the babylonian or chaldean ohsraoter, and the heiroglyphloa all appeared to have some mysterious reference to death and mortnaty observances. they were painted in some unknown pigment of a dark vermilion colour, which was neither ochre nor any of the red olays used by natives of the present day for decorative pnrposes. many of the signs clearly consisted of an oft repeated phrase indicated by the iconograph of a long bony forefinger laid npon closely sealed lips. the curve of the lips and the joints and filbert shaped nail of the finger were all most' beantifnlly drawn, and the colouring was almost as fresh as thongh the painting had been done bnt yesterday instead of unnumbered years gone by. hamerton, who had made some study of assyrian and babylonian heiroglypbics, ventared the opinion that the frequently recnrrlng symbol of afinger upon closed lips, read in connection with the drawings of fnneral rites, or what we took to be such, signified in allegorioal imagery "the house of silenoe," an idea with which i was muoh pleased and in which i readily coincided.   continuing our researches, therefore, on the look out for some additional sign bearingupon the solemn and mysterious meaning of the poetically indicated "hush!" we were not a little delighted to find at the entrance to the largest cave, where the above-mentioned peculiar hieroglyphio was most numerous— a large blood red hand painted upon a faoe of smooth white rock, the thumb and three fingers half closed and the index finger point ing outwards across the plain towards a long, low line of dimly seen hills npon the south western horizon. and underneath this   "bloody hand" was again depioted in the   rioh vermilion tint, the mystic symbol of "the house of silenoe." on the opposite wall of the same oave and also just within the entranoe appeared a preoisely similar big red band drawn in exquisite perspective, the index finger pointing inwards in a north • westerly direotion, in a geometrical lice with another range of faint round-topped hills just showing up against the sky in that quarter of the heavenb; and beneath this second " bloody hand " neatly embedded in the rock was a nugget of virgin gold about the size of a baroelona nut, accompanied on one side by a rough drawing in charooal of a strange conical monnt, with a oonple of parallel undulating lines probably intended to represent a long gully, and a queer yellow ochre streak rnnning down the centre.   "anriferons longbow's great matrix monnt," said i.   and bowyer said nothing, only "i go north-west—and yon pony vroy   " south-west, to the houbb of silence."       chapter iv   chapter iv.   it was accordingly decided that hammer ton and fhitkin should accompany me with brown and a couple of paokhorees and abraham and the best of our camels, leaving bowyer and the rest of the expedition to explore the ranges to the north-west. a depot was established at cleopatra's needle, as we named the bock of the caves, and arrangements were made for a messenger to beeent by both parties at expiration of a month, if possible, to the depot with progress reports, and it wab further deoided that in the event of either party finding it neoessary to relinquish its quest, and deoiding to make for the western coast or the overland tele graph line, that an intimation ot this decision, together with all particulars of the health of the party, means of transit, and stores, also rough map of intended route, should be deposltedinthe cave of the "bloody hand" for the information of whomsoever should be left behind.   then having settled these preliminaries, and made, as was only fit and becoming of ex perienced explorers, due preparations for con tingencies, we shook bands all round, opened a bottle of " bass," one of three preserved religiously for some such solemn occasion, drank a health to our respective expeditions, and started, bowyer and party north-west, i and my companions south-webt,   and from that hour to this never again have i seen auriferous longbow, although regularly informed by him of his movements.   a march for a couple of days through pleasant, well-grassed country brought ub to the foot of the ranges, and here, winding through a picturesque pass, we suddenly entered upon the strangest scene ever met by me in all my varied travels. far down below   us in a vast valley surrounded by an amphi   theatre of precipitonb ranges were clustered a collection of ronnded, cone- shaped and sharp-peaked volcanic hills, with plaold lakes like bilver bhields lying between, and an apparently bottomless gorge, a veritable pit of tophet, encircling them at the foot of the   enclosing crags. and here and there across   this forbidden moat were stretohed natural   bridges of rock, giving access to many a broad pieosaunce of verdant turf and flower-be sprinkled slope, rising gradually into rounded mounts, and glistening mioa enorusted oones and lofty pinnacles. care fully leading oar horses down the loose, stony bed of an ancient watercdnrse, whioh formed a fairly passable descent from the ravin6 above, we at last safely reached the edge of the awfnl ohasm, and gingerly pioked onr perilous path across the unbubbtantial lookug, airily hung natural bridge, epringlng   from the narrow terraoe where we etood to   the valley of mystery on the other side. this valley, so far ab one oould judge, appeared to be about 30 miles icng by 12 wide, and by my aneroid lay apparently some 150 feet above sea level. as we crossed the narrow, weather worn footway of the bridge, we gazed over   and attempted to pieroe the gloomy abyss below, but so great was the depth that the bottom wab lost in impenetrable gloom, and far, far away down there in the bowels of the earth we conld hear the sullen roaring of a subterranean torrent speeding on its stygian course to what mysterious sea no man oan say, while the wind oonfined in those pro   found oaverns howled and shrieked and   groaned with dismal, deep-toned melancholy, bb it were the voices of the damned echoing through the hollow vaultb of the halls of   eblie.   arrived, not without a passing bbudder at the horrible pit beneath, upon the green pas ture land beyond the encircling dyke, we de cided to camp for the night ana enjoy a well earned rest before proceeding with the ex   r-lnrstion of tbii ttrra urognita so strangely   discovered.   xisd i o moi« beautiful spot for a | <anip could porsihly bavo been fonnd.   the time which we bad spent in the gorge '   or mountain p:>sa had been truly hours of j torture, the sun darting down ilia arrows of tire upon us, the rocks and stones all becom ing heated to the tempearture of a london oven. who does not remember,   *• who bas eyr been in london;   that overgrown place ?"   and the swarms of flies, more numerous than those of egypt; but now here we were   in paradise. a level, gently sloping meadow j of soft green turf beneath our feet, and stretched around us and immediately behind us a rocky hollow with a fine tarn of (dear cold water, into whioh, after quiokly dis robing, hamerton and i delightedly plunged and found it a beautiful alabaster basin of about & feet deep and large enough to splash about into one heart's content. oh, how delicious it was to revel in the limpid bath and duok one's burning brow and sand engritted hair and beard beneath the cold transparent wave. and when we came ont, hameiton first, £ ten minutes afterwards, phitkin was at hand, stripped to his shirt and trousers, towelb on arm and waiting to rub us down. and a rare robbing down he gave us i assure you, nutil our skins glowed and onr hones and previously aching joints, fslt as light and nimble as a two- year-old's, and no sooner were we clothed and in our right minds again, than there he was at our elbow with a perfectly brewed cup of tea, and luxury of luxuries, a couple of " the master's" ohoica   and religiously treasured havanuas 1 !   but although we sat down to a oapital supper, with a special treat of a little cold irish whisky and water afterwards, in which that adept concoctor of refreshing drinks, phitkin, bad dissolved a teaspoonful   of black currant jelly—brought for tne par pose all the way from london—and notwith standing onr turning-in just pleasantly tired at an early hour, not one of our party, as it was afterwards learnt, was able to sleep soundly. before midnight a strange eerie feeling of depression had attacked our spirits and by sundry restlebb yawnb and lighting np of pipes, we discovered that we were each and all in wakeful mood and unaccountably disturbed in onr nervoub system.   and yet it was a glorious night, the bine black sky bespangled with myriads of bright stars, a soft air stealing around the hills and fanning our foreheads as we lay upon the bread of our backs blowing a fragrant cloud, and gazing upwards into the unfathomable depths of the cluudlebb heavens, and the weird monotonous roar of the subterranean river sounding like the snrgcb of a bidden sea far away down beneath our feet. but whether it was something in the strangeness of our surroundings, the inexpressible lone liness of the place, or the effect of the atmo sphere of thib mysterious valley we oould not tell. what we did know was that we could not sleep, and neither did we ieel disposed for conversation, while at times an unnatural, creepy sensation would tingle onr nerves and eet ub watching and listening for same vague,   impending danger or unnameable horror. in i fact, we were all the victims of a baleful waking nightmare, and lay there silent, apprehensive, full of supernatural fancies—   dreaming dreams that never mortal dared to dream before.   " asleep, hamerton ?" ssid i, more for the   sake of breaking the oppressive silence than i with the objeot of gaining information upon a point patent to the most careless observer who saw the pale wreaths of smoke vigorously curling upward from the banker's briar.   •' no," oame the dissatisfied answer, " and   not likely to sleep to night; must be thunder | in the air, 1 think, or else this desolate bole j   is haunted."   nor were hamerton and i the only two thus peonliarly affected, for looking across to where the camel and its afghan were camped, what was our astonishment to mark the figure of abraham looming up through the gloom, kneeling devoutly npon a ledge of rock, hie faoe turned towards the   cast, while our man brown stood by his j horse's side in an intent listening attitude, with left hand to his ear and the right hand hanging negligently by his side, the fingers loosely holding the forgotten, tireless pipe.   but strangest sight of all was phitkin, as j seen in the ruddy glow of the camp fire, fully j   dressed as ready to start upon the march, crouching down over the hot embers and reading in a solemn, awestruck voioe from a   biblo in his hand, the twenty-third psalm. ' as hamerton and i sat there on our rags   grazing acrobs at him in amazement not | unmingled with something very closely ap proaching fear, the sound of his voice oame towards us in a low murmur repeating the well-remembered verse,   " he maketh me to lie down in green pastares, he leadeth me beside the still waters,"   and then came a bolemn pause and again the deep awestruck tones,   " yea, though i walk through the valley of the shadow of death, £ will fear no evil. . ."   and then of a sudden, as old writers say, the noise of the moaning, subterranean river ceased and a thrilling portentous silence settled down upon our senses; so heavy and oppressive was this silence that onr very hearts eeemed to etop their beating, and our pulses stood still with an undefined presentiment of horror.   i do not know what secret influence made itbelf similtaneouely felt in our minds, but with one aooord we hastily sprang to our feet and etood like the man brown hand to ear, eyes distended listening intently, peering fearfully out into the night asking ourselves with bated breath—"what is it?"   and then far np amongst the round-topped   hille came a anil, low ramble, rapidly approaching, its oncoming heralded by a   sickening tremor of the earth beneath onr feet, and as it passed followed by the metallio eonnding boom and oonoueeion of some mighty rook toppling from its throne of ages, and crashing down into the bonlder strewn gorge below. and far np amongst the glens rolled the uncanny eohoes multiplied by the boom and crash and resounding clatter of a dozen other rooks hurled from their pre cipitous crags and overhanging shelves. bang, cr-a-a-ck, clatter, rattle, crash, went on the horrible din echoed baok ana forth from hilltop to hilltop and from gorge to gorge, while the air hung afcill and heavy, like a pall upon onr spirits, and the flow of the hidden river mysteriously ceased.   and then as suddenly as it oommenoed the nnearthly uproar stopped, the soft balmy air began to waft onoe more across our anxious brows, and the muffled roar of the subterranean river again oame moaning up out of the caverns of the blaok crevasse beside us. what a night of horrors it was. upon making a reconnoitring tonr of inspection i fonnd poor abraham para lysed with terror, kneeling stiff and stark, like a stone fignre npon nil lodge, gabbling verses from the koran at high-pressure speed. the man brown at the first vibration of the earthquake had rushed blindly for ward and plunged headlong with an awful   eldritch cry that will ring ia my ears onto ' my dying day—down, down, down into the black abyss, where but five minutes pre vionsly had moaned the hidden river, and was been of as no more in the flesh. hamer ton was visibly perturbed, our horses soreamed, i felt genuinely unnerved, and the only individuals of all our party who pre served an imperturbable calm and presence of mind were the camel from kurrachee and phitkin, of hamatead. the camel uncon cernedly went on ruminating, and tnlffad contemptuously at the uncanny phenomena which so alarmed us poor ignorant mortals, while phitkin, quietly putting his bible in his breabt pocket, threw   a heap of stloks on the fire, thus pro ducing a cheerful blaze, made an improvised toroh of the best ignited branoh, and tying it to one of onr lines, whioh hung upon the saddleb of eaoh of the pack horses, ran to the edge of the chasm ana lowered it jast over   the spot where poor brown disappeared. bat of coarse it was of no avail, and although phitkin let down the blazing brand nntil it appeared a mere match in the gloom of those unfathomable depths, we could ses no faintest sign of bottom, and the black, per pendicular walls of the orevasse, unrelieved by ledge or rocky projection or shrnb or straggling bush, snowed only too certainly bow utterly impossible it was for any man to have fallen over and to have missed a fearful death,   and as we craned onr necks above the yawning chasm and listened for the sound of moan or feeble cry for help, londer and louder roared the unseen river, tubhlng over its cavernons bed and hnrrying on its sunless rath in mid earth, no doubt bearing poor brown's mangled carcass away upon its turbulent waveb, to cast it torn and beaten and swollen and unrecognisable npon the shores of some infernal gnome-haunted pool, or to oarry it out onoe more into the sun light and leave it to orumble to its original duet npon some sandy stretch or boulder strewn river bank.   it ia perhaps unnecessary to say there was no more sleep nor attemut at sleeping for any of us that night. we sat over the fire and smoked and drank the coffee which phitkin had made, and "waited for the day."       chapter v   chapter   early next morning we started to explore the strange valley into whloh we had entered. it was a glorious day, with a cool balmy breeze, a dona dappled bln9 sky, and   a not too hot son darting down hie golden beam* over the hilltop*. aroand gentle grasey height* and by the shore* of placid lakes we walked, until by noon we had reached a high limestone rise overgrown with thick bubhes, and crowned with a natural citadel of rooks. and here a slight misadventure occurred to hamerton, who when springing from one boulder to another mibsed his footing, and severely sprained his ankle. having horses, to say nothing of the camel from eurrachee, with us of coursesnoh an aocident was not so serious in its effects npon our future movements as wonld have been the case had we been many miles from camp, but it was very vexatious and disap pointing to hamerton nevertheless. not so tnuoh on account of the pain, whioh was oou ficciabls, but b&o;&use; it woii'i prevent hfel from accompanying me on my afternoon's exploration of the limestone range, forming a barrier to our onward path, which must by. accomplished on foot,   i after lunch, therefore, leaving the banker   in the hands of fhitkin, who ehowed himself as great an adept in the application of fomen   tations and bandages as in the preparation of, tempting little dishes from unpromising desert fare, and giving abraham foil instruc tions about the horses, i started forth upon my quest alone, taking with me as stores th» followingitem, a box of taudstickor ; matches; item, a pound of oandle*; item, a   ; tin " billy i" item, a tin of preserved beef:   item, a quarter of a pound of tea, two pound ' of flour, and a little sugar and salt—thus   providing for a night's camp if found neooa   eary,   with little trouble f topped one rise and saw before me across a pleasant gully a higher range of similar formation. wnsf with wan dering to and fro in search of caves, tapping the rocke for geological specimens, ana '• marching easy," it was sunset by the time i reached the elope about half way to the summit of the further range. here, beside a deep pool of beautifully cold, sweet water, not more than two feet in diameter, but of great depth, i camped for the sight.   next morning i was early afoot, and com mencing my aecent of the limestone hill sud denly found myself sinking through a dwarf honeysnckle'bueb, upon which i had stepped,   into a hollow half filled with sand andrubble. pioklng myself up to see if any harm had happened to joint or limb, and giving myself a bit of a shake, i saw in front of me the low arohed entranoa to a cave. lighting a candle, whioh i stuok in my helmit miner fashion, i orawled npon my hands and knees through the little open ing and soon left the sunlight behind and found myself in a cramped narrow passage way, winding in a letter s fashion toward* the heart of the hill. a* i slowly and some what laboriously crawled along, i found the roof gradually rising, and the walls becoming farther apart until at last the mere burrow opened suddenly ont into an' immense oavem, whose roof was dimly seen by the feeble ray of my oandle. ho fantastically decorated cave was this, rich with oolntnnar stalagmite and pendant etalaotlte, suoh at jenolan can show, but merely a huge sub terranean chamber with dull damp walls and bat- befouled floor. crossing this uninterest ing oavem with wary footsteps, on the look out for darksome pools and unfathomable chasms, i found myself again faced by a con tinuation of tbe narrow tnnnel from whioh i had just emerged.   so down again on hands and knees, with a repetition of the same snail-like progress, i made my way still further into the mountain's heart. but in a little time i found the pas sage was distinctly working to the left, so that i judged i must now be moving through the bowels of the earth almost at right angels to the bellow where i had entered, and as before did the gallery or burrow, or whatever you like to call it, gradually enlarge until £ could first make my way along in a cronobing posture, then walk with bent shoulders, then upright. so striding along more freely i soon emerged inalofty hall dimly illuminated with sunlight, whioh came in faint refleoted rays, streaming down a wide passage strotoh ing towards the open air beyond.   still finding nothing in the hall to attract attention, i steadily pushed on part the pas sage. and at last stood upon a rooky platform in the glorious light or heaven, overlooking as pieturesqne a soene as traveller has ever feasted his desert-wearied eyes npon. en compassed by a ring of lofty, tree- dad hills, and far, far below, lying in a vast oup, was a lake whose waters were of the palest green, and whose faoe was unruffled by a ripple or eign of life. too deep in the hollow of tba hills for the wings of the wind to fan it as they played about the barren, preoipitous,   reeky wall*, there it by, forgotten of the   mountain streams—a veritable lake ef death.   bnt there was stronp, evidenoe that the surface of the bke at one time had been upon a level with the pbtform noon whioh i stood, for etrange to say, on looking around i fpnnd the nnmbtakabb remalni of an ancient flight of steps leading down to what wm onoe, no donbt, the waterside, and, stranger still, these etepe presented the tame   kcollar features of shape and were ronghly   wn and set in the same manner as the   steps met with upon cleopatra's needle. the pbtform had evidently been a landing stage when the waters of the bke had washed the broad curiously jointed steps at my feet: further examination, too, olearly showed the lake to be of voloanio origin, its basin an extinot crater in foot, and this being so the slow subsidence of the water was aooonnted for, it being well known that lakes formed in the craters of anoient volcanot are given to rising without warning brim np,andaa unexpectedly sinking to the bottom of the   xt if   thb were a landing-stage it pre   mised the exlstenoe of eome place which   passengers of yore were wont to be landed at.   it was soaroely reasonable to suppose that boatloads, of people should be ferried across the.lake merely to orawl through the under ground passage whioh i had threaded or to olimb the rough limestone hlus overhead.   and what else was there to form a sensible terminus? nothing, so far as i could see; of course voloanio action might have so transformed the oontour of the country that where stood a city now towered rocky hilb. but such a hypothesis was scarcely tenable, because if the eruptions had been sufficiently mighty to bury a city and throw np those frowning heights, how was it the pbtform upon which; i stood and the deoaying but still intaot stone bteps below had not been abo buried ana ntterly destroyed ?   and besides—why, what was that? the symbol of the house of silenoe, plainly seen in red upon the smooth white surface of a sort of buttress, standing cut from the rooky wall in front. to pass behind the bnttress was the work of a moment, and there, half hidden by a thick growth of bushes and ground oreepers, was seen the entrance to another gallery. but not a rough natural passage, such as the other, thib portal bore evidenoe of man's handiwork: the limestone pillars, almost as hard and as fine in the grain as msrble, showed traoes of rough oarving, and above the masbive lintel again appeared, between the overhanging vegetation, the significant hieroglyphlo of the finger npon the closed lips.   entering this gallery, with what exoite ment may well be imagined, i found it to run parallel with the carving bhore of the lake, and to oonsbt for the first 100 yards or aoof a wide, lofty, and fairly lighted corridor he wn ont of the solid rook, or possibly, and as i was afterwards disposed to think, more probably artificially enlarged from some small, original, natural cave- cntranoe such as   the one on_the opposite side of the bke |   platform. the walla were bare of any   ornamentation or writing whatever, and the air was sweet and pure. at the distance of abont 1g0 feet the corridor widened into a sort of ante-room, at the farther end of which appeared a lofty, natural arch, bordered with curious arabesques, and having on the right hand side, about 6 feet from the ground, a clearly distinguishable triple row of inscrip tions in a strangely familiar, and yet, at the tame time, entirely original, cnntform character. the light here was dim, but still sufficient to enable me to note the above peenlianties, and to see that beyond lay a vast chamber filled with mysterious gloom, and apparently not unocoupied.   once more igniting my oandle with bated breath i penetrated thia hall of mysteries.   i found the chamber to be an immense cavern, with magnificent arohed and stalactite-hung roof, and lined on both sides   rjtb a double row of gigantlo petrified figures of kangaroos, emus, wombats of enormous proportions, and a ' ferocious looking creature, somewhat resembling • cross between a walrus and a hippopotamus, and like nothing alive in australia at the present day, whioh i immediately set down ae the traditionary bunyip.   tbis duplicate line of monsters formed a weird guard of honour, between whose ranks the sacrilegious intruder must walk with snob courage as might be to the faintly seen arch way at the end of the chamber. on shelves of miniature caves in the rocky walb high above the heads of the stony sentinels lay as though asleep the bodies of petrified warriors, and over each body, arranged upon tbewau, fab group of spears and other rode weapons in artistio trophy.   leaving these wonders behind me, for after inspection 1 still pressed onward, wrought op to the highest pltoh of exoite ment. and .passing under the farther arch found myself in a smaller chamber most exquisitely decorated with pendant oryatale of green and purple and rose-pink and golden hue, and a few irideeoent with all the chromatic tints of the rainbow, like the huge masses of half-cooled elag from a glass   furnace.   the aides of this charming littly fairy bower were broken up into springing arches and quaint gothic windows of grey and snow white stalactite growth perched here and there   high up towards the roof like lady ohapeli   in some old english cathedral the light was soft, and of a warm baulkc-tint, although,   aa a matter of fact, i knew that ontaide it ! must be early forenoon. i soon saw that this beautifully soft light came floating in through what to my incredible astonishment i at first took for a glass window on the opposite aide of the chamber. on approaching it, how ever, i found it to be a natural marble arch, in all particulars identical with the one throngh whioh 1 had entered, but glazed with a single sheet of talc of perfeotly flawless formation, and aa clean and transparent aa a   veil oi pale, impalpable vapour. |   blowing out my guttering candle, which, beside being unnecessary, seemed horribly out of place in the ruby-tinted atmosphere of this romantio vestibule, i peered through the intervening sheet of opal-tinted talo, and aat down upon a ledge of rock breathless, and completely overcome with wonder and   amazement.       chapter vi   chapter vi.   for fulls; ten ininnteb i ant dumbfoundered, and then rising and deprecating the sacrile gious deed, i dashed my hand through the fragile sheet of talc, and as the shivering fragments fell with a mubieal tinkle npon the marble floor, rudely severed the veil whioh hong before the holy of holies beyond.   lightly stepping through i stood with uncovered head and beating heart in an exquieite tomb, "a sepnlchre hewn in the roik." but ench a mausoleum as surely never mortal bad before. the wallb of delica'ely bine-veined marble with a frieze of lulaid poliebed sreen malachite and a oornioe o° magnificent golden topazes; the arched ronf all inlaid with white quartz, tnickly stnddfd with ehotty gold; and the flior a rich moeai i of gold and emeralds and huge blood - red   rubies and dark sapphires. a graoefni, ruby embroldedm&rble; winrtow.oootaloing k single ?beet of blush-rose talc—whether naturally tinted or stained i could not say—allowed a stream of soft light to fall upon a white crystal object, whether altar, bath, or bier i could not for a moment decide, erected in the centre of the chamber. and npon this altar like bath or bier my eyes were riveted in fascination, and whether i were awake or dreaming, or had been snddenly transported tosomerealm of romance beyond this prosaio earth, my cotafueed and 8tartled senses were for a time unable to tell.   lying as though wrapped in calm maiden elnmber in the crystal bath was a lovely girl; her graceful limbs, thinly draped in a delicate fabrio of golden satiny sheen, her round arms and beautifully moulded bosom and bmooth queenly neck laved in a limpid pale green flood which triokled in from some   mysterious source, and apparently slowly j escaped by a subterranean ontlet. her exquisite faoe with long-fringed, closed eyes, straight grecian nose, and eorrowlnl little mouth, were above the surface of the water, and her nobly shaped little head lay upon a marble pillow, over which and down into the limpid bath streamed the nnbonnd tresses of ber glorious aubnrn hair. her tiny hands were lightly folded upon her bosom, as though in bilent proyer, and so warm, and soft, and life-like did she look lying there in her sparkling crystal bath, with the strange, pale-green, limpid pool laving her olive tinted, velvetty skin, and the rosy light euffubing her qniet chamber in the house of silence, that one oonld scarcely believe this daughter of the old australians moat have been many a long century entombed. around her neck hung a string of filbert ebaped rubies, in whose hearts burnt the true fire of the royal jewel, and on the third finger of her left band was a dull gold ring engraved with assyrian-like characters   similar to those seen before in the hall of sentinelb beyond and at distant cleopatra's needle.   there in unbroken elnmber she mast have   lain while the busy world rolled on outside;   while nations rose and fell and ancient people were scattered and forgotten; while navigators eailed from sea to eea and new old countries were discovered; while colo nies of the hardy saxon race were formed and grew from infancy to vigorous youth and proud manhood; and while the name and history end language of her own race and all ite cities and monuments were being slowly lost in the entombing dust of ages.   men had come and men had gone, the wild savage, whom we of to-day oall the austra lian aboriginal, but whose footbteps were as new to the soil compared with those of her proud, purely bred eastern race bb are ours to bis dubky forefathers, had hunted pro bably above her tomb, and had made his camp-fire upon the hills encompassing the ancient lake; bnt she had calmly elept through all these changes of the oyoling years untouched by the withering hand of time, and of her marvellously preserved body the universal decree of "ashes to ashes and dust   to dust," hud not been spoken. was it petrifaction ? if so it was the most beantilul specimen of petrifaction i had ever seen, and no marble statue that the hand of bcnlptor evolved out of the ineentient stone—not even excepting the famous venus of milo—ever so closely approached the semblance of life as did this petrified prinoess here before me.   bnt when 1 touched with respectful fingers her rounded shoulder, instead of finding my band encounter a bard, atony snrfaoe, i was surprised to meet with a yielding, elaatio exterior, soft and impressionable, like oaout obouo, but on attempting to lift her hand 1 found the finger joints fixed and immovable as those of a marble figure. only in sub stance did my australian galatea differ from a maiden carved in marble, and the single solution of the mystery i could propound to my self was that the limpid, pale-green waters of the crystal bath possessed the marvellous property of arresting natural decay and of preserving the human body in its condi tion as in life. not petrifying or enoaaidg it with a rough limestone crust; not freezing it apfl embalming it for conntleas ages intact, as was the mammoth " refrigerated" among the icefields of siberia, bat preserving it— not in spirits—but in its own mysterious elixir unchanged and made "beautiful for   'without daring at first to lift this olive skinned australian priuoess from ber altar like bier i could not help thinking how beau tifol the would look standing upon a   pedestal amidst the tree-ferns and palms of a certain conservatory i wot well oi at home, and how my artistio friends and all the bohe mian world of sculptors and painters and poets would flock to my little cottage on the xhameb to gaze in art worship on my strangely discovered australian galatea.   bnt even if i could contemplate the sacri lege of abducting this saoredly guarded princess from her hidden shrine, how should i be able to convey the precious burden up to the realms of snnlight? it would be easy enough to carry her through the stalactite vestibule cave and past the hall of sentinels and out to the narrow platform of rock, bat how beyond ? the surface of the lake was a hundred feet below the landing stage, and even if i could have lowered the figure to the placid water there were no means of transit across and no possibility of climbing the precipitous cliffs rising sheer a hundred feet to the rooky ledge upon the other side, which through my field glass 1 could see was a narrow platform with ruined steps, in every way similar to the landing stage upon this side. and of course it would be extremely hazardous, not to bay impossible, to drag tbe beautiful statue behind me through tbe rough burrow-like passage whose, devioub windings i' bad threaded from the southern side of the encompassing ranges.   yet leave eueh a lovely specimen of nature's handiwork in hereubterranean temple, iewore i would not. whatever might be the diffi culties of removing her and conveying her to a more worthy shrine they should be over come, and my galatea ebould see the great   world end be been and admired of men. and thinking thus i stood and gazed through tbe rosy tale window npon the picturesque scene outside. this inner temple of the house of silence looked out upon a mighty gorge, darkly wooded from top to bottom exoepting where a rock-strewn ravine cleft one side or a huge boulder-crowned preoipice stood out bold and frowning among the trees. down one of thebe ravines exaotly in front of the window leaped a foaming casoade, which, however, inetead of running into the lake, disappeared among the brushwood at tbe foot of the gorge, and doubtless went to swell tbe waters of the underground river, whobe moanidg we had heard on the firet night of our camping in this extra ordinary valley.   and us i stood looking at the snowy water fall to my utter astonishment its btream suddenly ceased to flow, and in a moment where had been a frothing, sun-flecked, dancing cascade was now barn rocks and etonee. "another earthquake,"ithought,and sure enough elewly came the long, low, dis tant rnmhle, awiftly drawing nearer and lollowid by the now familiar tremor and   *oond of falling rooka and crash of bonldera u'h ling down from vast heights, and echo ing on far np among the huls with a dull, low. reverberating boom.   decidedly this was not the place to be caught in by a mischievously disposed earth quake, ana bo, wondering maoh at the natural phenomenon i had witneeeed, i bade a temporary adien to my slumbering prinoees, promising myself boon to return and claim and carry off my prize, and made my way ont to the open air.   £ rrived atthe platform,what w as my amaze ment to bee the waters of the lake gradually and quite visibly rising npthe sheer perpen dicular cliffs towards the flight of ancient atepb. while i watched the water rose f idly ten feet, and from marks which i now notioed on the banks, and which 1 had not previously detected, it became quite evident to me that this mysterious lake roae and fell at periods not long distant from each other; and judging by what i had seen of the earth qualm i came to the conclusion that the cessation of the flow of the waterfall and the subterranean river occurring contemporane ously wjth the earthquake waves, haa some connection with the rising of the waters of the lake, my theory being that when the river became mysteriously diverted from its course the springs which fed it flowed into the lake, which fed also from other nnknown sources—possibly of an artesian   nature in some far-distant mountain table land—became periodically filled and drained.   i did not, however, stay long at that time to theorize, but again re-entering the dismal gallery made my mole-like passage through the hill to the southern slope, and emerging once more in daylight made a short camp, and feeling all the better for a well-cooked damper and hot billy of tea and a "long smoke,1' 1 was in the early afternoon trudg ing etoutly homeward to hamerton and phil kin and abraham and the camel from kura chee, and the luxuries of society and com parative civilization.   by dint of walking hard as long ae daylight lasted, making a short night of it, and start ing at dawn the following morning i reached camp by dinner time, and found hamerton almost well again, thanks to phitkin's good nursing, and both he and his " faithful man" unfeignedly glad, in a quiet unde monstrative way, to bee their leader safely back once more.   and the first words, after ou<* mutual greetings were exchanged, which hamerton ottered were, " another earthquake yester day, vroy, and that beastly river has stopped running ever bince. can't say i'm enchanted with this eerie locality, and i don't oare how soon you shift camp. upon my word it seems ridiculous, but after you had left i couldn't help wondering if wo should ever eee you return in the flesh, and i thought of rip van winkle and the game of bowls among the katskills, and all the night through my head kept running—   boniiy kilmeny gaed up the glen,   but it wasna to meet duneira's men.   the place 1b not accordin to natur', so let ns get out of it bb soon as we can."   " yeb,"continued phitkin, " and theoamel has eaten my concertina "for which allah be thanked.murmured i,"and abraham, affected by enperetitioub terror at the earthquake and the 'hunked' surroundings of this bannted hollow nearly took his departure to hie namesake's bosom. dooty before all things, but the sooner we move ont of this camp to fresh fields and pastors new the more oomfortable i shell feel."       chapter vii   chapter vii.   hamerton and phitkin listened with the greatest possible air of interest to my extra ordinary story of the marvellously preserved prinoess, but it was clear to me that they did not entirely believe it. they were evidently prepared to admit that it might have some foundation in fact, but they seemed to think that the meagre skeleton of fact had received a good deal of assistance in dressing np from imagination. however, they readily agreed to accompany me on the morrow, ana see for themselves the wonder i had deboribed.   not to take up your time, then, with details, i will merely mention that i arranged for abraham and his camel to go round to the road in the ropks leading np from the platform on the side of the lake opposite to that where was situated the house of silence, while hamerton, phitkin, and i were to pro ceed on foot by the route i had recently traversed. the horses were to be hobbled and left in oamp.   thue, therefore, did we settle it, and abraham started off in the indicated direc tion, with instrnotionb to await my signals from the laoding stage outside the hall of sentinels.   briefly, my intention was to swim across the lake, hearing with me the figure of my strangely discovered australian galatea.   my theory was that as the subterranean river had now ceased to run for three days, we should find on arrival at the house of silence that the waters of the lake had risen almobt level with the anoient steps of the landing stage, and the vast cup of the lake would now be probably full for some few days   to eome.   having penetrated to the secret shrine, and seen witn their own eyes the incredible marvels which it had been my good fortune to discover, hamerton and phitkec wonld return to camp, and prepare for our moving back to cleopatra's needle as soon as the afghan and i arrived with my preoions harden safely bound upon the camel's accom modating hump.   we olimbed the hills and threaded the cramped and narrow passages, and found, as i expected, the lake risen nearly level with the platform bteps, and we traversed the hall of sentinelb, where phitkin was simply stricken dumb with awe, and at last found onrselves in the sacred chamber of the house of silence, and in the presence of the slum bering princess.   all that hamerton said was—" wonderful! wonderful! wonderful!"   and phitkin btood with his hat in hie hand, and every expression faded out of his faoe, excepting a scared, dazed look of wild amaze ment, and when at last he found bis tongue his characteristic observation was, " why, it's just iikethe sleeping beauty at madame   tussaud'e!"   my first action was to fill two bottles, which we had brought with ns for the pur pose, with the mysterious pale green water of the bath, and having done this, and safely corked it down, noticing that it bubbled and sparkled like eome new kind of champagne, and smelt very strong of sulphur, we pro ceeded to gently lift the princess out of her   ancient tomb.   with what reverent hands did hamerton and i touch her soft and lifelike body, while phitkin btood by to enwrap her graceful form in the white linen sheet—one of hamerton'a un-bushman-like luxuries, consecrated to this especial service. not a gem or jewel did we i emove from itb setting on wall or floor—it seemed sufficient sacrilege to us in our frame of mind at the moment that we dared thus to violate the sacred shrine by our unholy presence, and possessed the audaoity to   abdnct the goddess of it all ,   so without» whispered word, and in some considerable perturbation, the eztstenoe of which 1 recognised in the violent beating of my oytn heart, and detected in the trembling oihamerton's hands as they tenderly clasped the smooth ahonldera of onr beautiful prize, we slowly and silently and with oareful footsteps bore our lovelj burden down through the hall of sentinels, where the strange, petrified beasts seemed to frown npon ns as we passed, and where we half feared to eeo the sleeping guards spring from their encient biers, and clasping their old world weapons .dispute our passage with the embalmed body of their royal mistress. pbitkin followed last, immediately behind "the master," evidently almost soared out of hie five senses, .bnt still looking aa boldab a lion, and prepared to faoe any odde in the " pnrsootof dooty."   reaching the platform, onr first care was to see whether tne body, like most petrified objects, had acquired the gravity of atone, or, as i confidently hoped, would be found to possess the buoyancy of indiarubber. care fully immersing the figure in the waters of the lake, all three of us fiercely holding on to the corners of the linen sheet, we dis covered to my intense relief that our aus tralian galatea would float as buoyantly on the surface of the deep still water as a seagull on pacific seas.   my preparations then were speedily made —handing the field-glass to hamerton i asked him to look if be oonld bee anything of abraham and the camel on the oppositb side, and eoon received the satisfactory reply that the afghan was visible, slowly wending hie way down a steep path to the water's edge, leading the ehip of the desert from knrrachee in his rear. so kioking off sy boots, and slinging them with a piece of whipoord round my neok, i shook hands with the banker and hib " faithfnl man," telling them to make the bebt of their way baok to camp and to there await my arrival, and plunged boldly into the deliriously cold   water of the lake.   my dive was a deep one, and when i rose to the surfaoe i found the commotion oaussd in the water had already floated out the body of the australian galatea—as i hence forth decided to call my stolen princess some little distance from the shore; where upon plaoing my left arm under her shoulders i started swimming with my right arm for the other side. i had not the slightest fear of being able to accomplish my undertaking, for i was a strong swimmer and had never suffered from cramp or panic of any descrip tion in the water. at the earns time tne   water of this lake was undoubtedly icy cold as 1 got out towards the middle, and the dis tance acrobs was a good deal farther than i calculated upon on judging it from the plat form.   but my australian galatea floated like the " duck" she was, and so slowly and burely we forged ahead nntii at last we reaohed the opposite landing stage.   here upon a rough road out in the faoa of the rooks, which towered a hundred feet overhead, i found abraham and the camel awaiting me. getting a footing upon the lowest of the time-worn steps whion oame down to the water's edge i carefully hoisted my precious burden upon my baok and mounted to the platform aided by the help ing hand of abraham,   jo lift the figure to the hump of the oamal, and there to seonrely strap it was butthe work of a few moments, and then i thought it a fit time to take a pull at my flask to restore a little warmth to my blood, for really the odd of the ioy waters of the lake had drilled the the very marrow of my bones. meantime abraham asked no qnestfons, and looked on with imperturbable indifference as i busied myself about the cords, aecurely fastening myprizetotfaeoamel's8&ddle.; it was a part of. his mohammedan philoeophy to express no surprise, and yet in the inmost recesses of his unmoved soul be must have wondered what on earth ft was that z had brought from the other elde of the lake. no donbt he thought " these christian dogs have manv strange habitb, and i can well believe them capable of committing a raid on a zenana, hut when it cornea to ewimming off-ana eloping on camel baok with a ewathed np mammy, why then i oonfess their w»ya are beyond the understanding of a good afghan."   starting upon our homeward trip by a tortuous mountain traok, we at last reaohed camp in safety, awd sound hamerton sad phitkln arrived before <ua, a good fire burn ing, some capital damper oooked, and a hot billy of tea brewed. so unfolding my aus tralian galatea's, voluminous wrappings, i stood her up in the corner of my tent to dry, and sat down to a well-earned and most enjoy able eupper outside in front of my camp fire.   over oar plpeb the conversation naturally turned upon the subject of our future move ments, and after some little disoussion it was   deoided that we ehould first return to   cleopatra's needle, there to leave a record of onr disoovery and intended ronte, and then having folly stooked up with supplies from the depot, we would make all possible haste byforoed marches to the west coast. we came to the oonolnsion that this was a more advisable course than pushing for the over land telegraph line in the centre of the con tinent, my sole aim and desire now being to get my exquisite prinoess safely down to the   tea oosst, and so on to perth and king | george's sound, and thenoe with all possible dispatch to london, the great oentre of the world of art and science.   what delightful dreams were mine as 11 thought of the immense sensation my aus tralian galatea would cause in the crowded salons of the modern babylon, how the poet, the artist, the sculptor, the latest novelist, the star actor, and the faahionable preacher, and all the leaders of society wonld flook to gaze upen her softly rounded limbs and lithe, superbly moulded figure, and to exhaust the language of art criticism in admiration of her perfect proportions and goddess-like beauty! what wonder that i should cease to feel any further interest in the primary object of my expedition, that all my theories as to tbe existenoe of a pre historic aboriginal race, should not be allowed to quietly slowly sink into insig nificance as compared with the high honour of being the fortunate explorer to introduce to the world of london this exquisite model of all the graceb, this strangely discovered and wondrously preserved _ piece of human sculpture from prehistoric times, the life-like representative of a lost race !   and hamerton, to tell the truth, had had enough of australian exploration for one while, and wbb evidently quite willing to get back into harness again, while aa tor phltkin, north, south, east, or west, it was all one to him, in whatsoever direction the oaptain led. or the " the master" followed, that for philip phitkln was "the path of dooty,"   my brief order therefore was, " all handa to be ready to start to-morrow morning at sunrise for ' cleopatra's needle' depot,"   and then i turned into my tent, and why, what was this i saw ?   galatea's bands, which had been folded lightly upon her bosom, were now unclasped, her right arm hung easily by her side, the   plump, olive-skinned finger* just (lightly nent, her left arm era* half raised, and the artistloaljy-sbaped forefinger lightly laid npon. her beautiful una, reproducing the mysterious - symbol of the house of silenee, and a* i stood spellbound, soarcely or editing my tenses,, she slowly lifted her long, fringed lashes, and unveiled her strangely staring big ^blaofc   eyes.   lam a fairly strong man, and my nervous system has stood without any injury a good many pretty sharp shook*, but 1 must con   feu that i never came eo near to a thorough, oiillapee as at the moment when this ani mated statue, looking long and fixedly upon my faoe, gently heaved a soft zephyr-like   _ sigh, and as an enohantfargly sweet smile - ' gradually atole around the dimpling corners of her proud little mouth, openea her lips   and murmured in a low, thrilling voloe what • no doubt waa some old world form of saints   tlon.   hamerton told me afterwards that my faint must have lasted fully half an hour, and   when i reawoke to aouaoiousness i was lying : outside upon the award, my shirt oollar un   buttoned, and my head drenohed with oold - water, while phitkin knelt over ins, forcing   teaapoonfuls of brandy between mydenohed. teeth. all that i remember on ooming to my senses is asking in a bewildered, dreamy voice, " did you see her smile?"- at whioh both hamerton and phitkin looked signifi cantly at eaoh other, and renewed, the one hla oold water dousing*. the other hie   exhibition in homoeopathic doses of neat ??   cosnao.   with the wave of returniog etrength and ' oonsoiousnesb oame a clear remembrance of the extraordinary episode in the tent, and   springing to my feet, almost knocking . over hamerton in my baate.loried exoitedly, . "she is alive, alive, itell you; come and ?eel" and followed by the banker and phitkin, almost ran into the tent, where stood the lovely galatea in the same attitude   as i had last seen hen right arm hanging : listlessly by her side, left arm half-raised,   with her pretty forefinger lightly laid upon . her lip; but the entrancing smile had faded   from her onoe again aad little mouth, her - glorious eyes were hidden beneath their long ailky lashes, and no aign of animation ap peared in her sweet face.   "god, bless my soul," said hamerton,   "why, she—it—the—the statne has ohanged i the position of its arms—and, good heavens, why, look at its—her—bosom; she is breath ing !"   and phitkin gave a steady incredulous > gaze at the perfectly still but undoubtedly   reanimated figure, scratched his chin with a • whimsically puzzled expression upon his stolid face, cocked his head sideways, and   took another scrutinizing glance at the < daughter of the old australians, looked at   " the master" with a puckered brow, then < turned and looked at me, and at last with a . final glanoe in the direotion of galatea   walked briskly out of the tent saying. " i'll • make the—lady—a cap of tea. sir, and so ? true to bis guiding principle of life, even in   the face of such a surprise as the present,. kept his mind steadily fixed npon the strlot . " pnrsoot of dooty."       chapter viii   chapter viii.   far more sensible, however, than phltkin'e well meant and obaraoterietically conven tional suggestion of a cnp of tea was hamer ton'a recommendation that onroalatea should   be left to get a little aleep. nothing ao good," eald he " in oaaea of a aodden reitora tlon of long suspended animation aa aix or seven boors' aonnd sleep."   ?wherefore, making np a oonoh of onr possum-akin rugs, we gently lay her down, and stole quietly from the tent.   so extraordinary, so utterly opposed to all the known laws of nature was this miraon lona revivioatlon of the figure whioh {.had supposed to have been dead for unnumbered centuries, that our minds failed to grasp the wonder of it all, and here where we oalmly and prosaically prescribing the matter-of-fact treatment one is in the habit of according to common everyday eases of return of oon soionsneee after a condition of coma conse   quent upon extreme debility, fever, or the rater instances of oataleptio trance. it was only when we oame to sit down by the oamp fire, smoking our after supper pipe, that the startling charaoter of the phenomenon pre sented itself to as in its true light. "it is beyond all reason,"saidhamerton, "ioanuot understand it, and if i bad read of auoh a thing in the most reliable book, or been told it by my moat trusted and implicitly believed friend, i confesb that i would not   have believed it."   1 said nothing, simply because i felt there was nothing to be said.   after silently smoking for half an hour, we decided that the night should be divided into three watches of two hours each; hamerton to take the first watch, while fhttktn and i slept, 1 to take the middle watch, and phitkin to watch from 2 o'clock to 4, when we pro   posed to make an early start for the depot at - cleopatra's needle.   turning in, therefore, at 10 o'clook in hamerton'a tent, i was speedily asleep, and awoke in good time to relieve guard at a quarter to 12. hamerton had nothing un usual to report, and retired to his tent with   a heavy yawn evidently not sorry that his - watch was conoluded. from the fact of, his not being aroueed by the after proceedings he must have sunk into slumber immediately he lay down.   seeking eolaee and oompanionabip in the traveller's inseparable friend, the pipe, i sat down on a log of wood watobing the glowing embers of the oamp .fire, and thinking over   tbe marvellous events of the past forty-eight - hoars. looking at my watch i saw it was < exaotly midnight.   a oouple of hundred yards away lower down the elope crouobed tbe dimly visible form of tbe oamel chewing the cud of   memories sweet and bitter; nearer at hand' was the tent beneath which pnitkin and abraham were doubtleeb soundly sleeping, higher up the slope on the left etood hamer   ton's tent, and a little behind me on the right - was my own tent now converted into the bower of our australian galatea, lean ing on my elbow and looking round over my shoulder iu an abstraoted thoughtful mood, i wub startled to see tbe flap of the tent slowly unfastened,   and a beautifully formed little hand and arm ? become visible in the firelight folding, back tbe canvas curtain, ae the owner, the princees - galatea, herself silently emerged, and with a stately step stood with upturned face beneath the btarlight sky.   like a statue there bhe stood with her   hands folded upon her bobom and her long: auburn hair flowing in a river of old gold such aa titian loved to paint, adown her dnsky shoulders- and then with the red glow of the -   flemelesb fire upon her lovely face and playing, in the string of rubieb around her btraight softly rounded neck, her perfectly bhaped, sad little month opened showing tbe double row of pearly teeth, and her musical thrilling voice went up towards the purple arch of tbe midnight sky in a chant of snch weird' pathre, so full of unutterable sorrow and longing, and yet so strangely sweet and*   suul-eubduing. that i felt as thoagh i were listening to some ea?th-wafted song of the spirit win id.   rising and falling with the melancholy eongh of the east wind, now soaring in a hymn oi triumphant praise, now sinking to a low, sorrowful, heart-weary mnrtner, bat always f nil of unearthly melody, with every • now and again the repetitionof a long wailing   * "ma as she note in a mournful minor key. ana   -stood and sang to the cold, unheeding stare, far away amongst the hills to the north oatae ?the distant, anil, hollow rumble of the approaching earthquake, and again the orash ana metallic concussion of {ailing rocks cable \- echoing down the valley, mingled with the artillery-like boom of subterranean explosions and the sharp rattle of atones and pebbles; • and-as the sickening tremor passed beneath •our eamp, that mysterious being's song, which - had risen in-a glorious poem of exul -tatt adoration amidst the sound of the < toppling boulders, now sank lower and lower to a'few faint tremulous passages, and so with the passing of ? the earthquake sadly -died away. and then with a last long up ward gaze at the starlit heavens across whose immensity there streamed at the moment a iflaming meteor lighting up the maiden's wrapt features with a pale unearthly glare, •my australian princesb let her arms fall   listlessly to her side, and silently turning, • slowly re-entered the tent.   at two o'elook in the morning fhitkin re-, •lieved me, and upon my asking him if he had 'heard anything unueuai daring the night he   \- answered no, but he had a sort of half-' waking, half-sleeping idea that there had been -a bit of an earthquake, though that was   •rather a common experience in one's every day existence lately. of the weird mid night chant he had apparently heard nothing, •nor as £ learnt at breakfast a couple of hours   later, had hamerton.   by halt-past four o'clock we were all about,; -the coffee made, a couple-of tins of sardines: -opened and damper cooked, and while we waited irresolute, not knowing whether to -alt • down to breakfast,—for it really beamed too absurd to think of caking a resuscitated, thousand year old australian statue or mummy, or whatever our galatea ought properly be designated—once again i saw the -'flap of my tent thrown back, and out into tbe rosy dawn came the olive-skioned princess.   with a graceful dancing step she joined us, \- and greeting hamerton with a quaint, stately   little curtsey and myself with a radiant • smile, she sat herself down by my side and •looked up into my face with the most -bewitching air imaginable. she had dressed •herself—trust -a woman's ingenuity in the -matter of converting the mobt unlikely material into a fail semblance of conven •tional apparel—in a by no means un   graceful garment, constructed out of hamer-; ton's crimson silk dressing-gown (which we had laid upon her couoh as a quilt), en-: igirdled with the eatinny bash which had en folded her limbb in the bath. the sleeves   were looped back with strings of rabies • •made out of the divided necklet she had worn in tbe house of silence, her little, high •arched feet were bare, and perched upon her   rippiinr auburn hair like the cap of liberty | upon the statue of republican la france,   •wab my red turkish tarbusch.   how were we to treat such an incomprehen sible creature? neither hamerton nor!knew. who was she? what was she? and from whence had she come ? fatuously we gazed | •upon her, and looked feebly into her laugh ing eyes, not knowing what 'to say or do. •phitkin, however, was quite equal to the occasion, and while "the master" and i were •floundering in the depths of perplexity he had grasped the situation at a gianae, had -opened a tin of coffee biscuits, a pot of -chioken and ham pabte, and had -made a oup of tea. these refreshments he deftly and with every deference plaoed in front of lady -galatea as he ingenuously named her, and calmly went on attending to the wants of bamerton and myself with as little oonoera or perturbation as though it were quite an -ordinary episode in the lives of travellers to •find themselves unexpectedly entertaining olive-skinned, auburn-haired, pre-austraiian -young ladies at breakfast in the midst of the   •desert.   galatea ate her bisouits and obioken and -ham paste and evidently appreciated them, but the tea she could not swallow, and after •first sipping it with a wry fade at its refresh ing aroma, poured the contents of her metal •oup into the fire, and shook her head and gwrsed up her lips and made a grimace of •such comic intensity of distaste that neither hamerton nor i could resist breaking out into •a chorus of laughter, whereupon our lady •guest merrily joined in, and murmured in ber low bweet voice words which taken in associa tion with ber qnaint dramatic gestures we felt sure we were correct in translating as " what abominably horrid stuff i"   then phitkin, nothing dannted, proffered jher a oup of coffee, and this fragrant decoc tion she sniffed enquiringly, tasted, nodded iher head approvingly, drank a little, looked <at hamerton and smiled, then drank a little •more, and rising, stood beside me, stooped and placed the cup to my lipb, and with a -meek obeisance shyly invited me to quaff a (fluid, which she seemed—aocordingto hamer -ton's romantio idea—to regard sb ol'sucn •marked excellence as to be more worthy of -the high honour of being drunk by her lord and master rather than by his humble slave.   but this was all fudge. however, just to   •please her 1 finished the cup and handed it! 'bock to her empty; whereupon, if you will j believe me—and i really do not want to • •figure as a vain popinjay—she actually kisbed the edge of the cup where my lios had been, and passed it to phitkin to be filled again for 'lier own eepeoial delectation.   hamerton, albeit one of the politest men i ever n:ett particularly observant of the con tentionahties of thetableandthequlntessenoe 'of gentlemanly demeanour in the presence of •tbe fair sex, even hamerton wab rude, i 'had almost written vulgar enough, to give 'vent to a low whistle at this peculiarly touch ing act of devotion on the part of the winning •gracious creature whom i had released from an eternity of dreamless anesthesia.   and as phitkin handed baok the refilled •cup to '* lady galatea" i heard him indulge in one of his absurd misquotations, and mutter to himself "there's many a kin 'twixt the onp and the lip."   bnt although it was perforce a silent meal 'so far ae customary table talk or brilliant 'conversation goes, still it oould not fairly be said that there was no interchange of ideas, or an absenoe of reciprocated thoughts and sentiments. for galatea'* every movement was full of dramatic signification. she lifted her beautiful lace to the pale blue sky and waved her lovely arm with a awaepiog gesture, calling our attention to the purity ana sweet ness of the early morning, but thoagh she evidently welcomed the rising of the sun above tbe hill tops with grateful joy, she did not, bb i half expected her to do, greet the god of day with any obeisance or prayer or morning chant. and again she jumped np and ran delightedly to pluck a little pink wild flower that grew in a trailing oreeper npon the slope, and bringing back a spray of .it in her hand pressed it to her bosom and   her lips, and then bending over my ehonlder can&sbd;' my eyes 'with the sweet nested detab, and held them to me to inhale eneir deioate fragranoe, and softly laid theta anaintt-my bps to kits before she fastened them in the eilken sash around her. lithe, girlish waist. in all her aotions she was fail of warm living, loviog sensitiveness, and truly indeed did we peroeive that this charming pre-australian was one oi nature's   children.   when it came to striking oamp, the ohlid like delight and amnsement oi galatea | at eight of theoamel from enraohee knew no bounds. she evidently recognised in the patient, nngainly brute an old friend with whom either in legend, or painting, or in the flesh ahe had made previona acquaintance.   could her ancestors the writers of those chaldean-like hieroglyphics span, the aus tralian rooks in the dim ages of the past have come from the landb where the camel is still the ordinary beast of burden, and bad ahe in   her childhood, upon what waa then a palmar   isle in the midst of the australian   peltego heard stories of the "ship of the desert" whioh carried to the anoient cities of the land of her forefathers the famous- blades and woven fabrics of damascus, the brass work and pottery of babylon or the silks and embroideries of nineveh? we could not tell, and neither could ehe tell us.   but to our astonishment, and not a little to the alarm of phitkin, ehe ran opto abraham, waved him on one side with a queenly little gesture—as of one in the habit of command ing—and taking the leading cord from his hand, cried in a firm, authoritative voice what sounded wonderfully like the afghan's common bidding oi "mekooah gam!" when desiring the camel to prostrate itself for loading or unloading. at any rate,   in whatever tongue she spoke, afghan, . arabic, or ancient chaldean, the intelligent beaat understood her, and immediately com menced that clumey - looking performance which consists in an apparent doubling up of all the joints in hie body, and results in hie ultimately cronohing subserviently in the sand or herbage according to locality.   then galatea lightly climbed to the saddle   and there comfortably ensconcing herself, cried something else, no doubt signifying " up, camel! " and as the unbending and extending and elevating process progressed she kept her seat with marvellous grace, and when at last the camel had onoe more   assumed the position mobt appropriate to his role of " the ship of the desert," hie lady mistress looked round with a ringing laugh to where stood abraham open-mouthed with wonder, phitkin fidgetting about, first on one foot and then on the other in nervous perturbation, and hamerton and i ntterly astounded and more mystified than ever at this new discovery anent our pre- australiau maiden.   and,so laughing at our amazement, and whimsically mocking onr exhibition of fear on her behalf, she gave the camel's cord a tug, and majestically rode ont of camp at the head of our party.   so did we pase down the slopes and along the valley to the flat, where we had first camped, and thence over the natural rock bridge spanning the subterranean river,, now once more roaring sullenly along its dark passage with sound of imprisoned winds howling and shrieking in the aavernoue vaults throngh which lay its hidden onward course. " no doubt," said i, as i craned my neck and looked down into the black depths, " no doubt the lake has again sunk to the bottom of the crater by the house of silence," and then i thought of poor bkown and wondered what had become of his drowned and mangled body, and where it would at last find a resting-pkoe.   and thus, galatea on the camel, still leading, we said "good-by" for ever to the valley of earthquakes and the subterranean river that periodically ran, and was silent, and taking a long last look at the distant   geaks encompassing the lake where stood the   louse of silenoe—(but of the existence of   whioh galatea bad dearly no idea) — we turned into the pass between the hilla aad left thib strange and eerie spot behind us.       chapter ix   chapter ix.   i will not trouble to narrate the daily record of our doings; how ere reached the depot at cleopatra's needle and there deposited a fnll history of onr discovery of the bouse of silence and its mysterious occupant, and left detailed particulars of our intended movements for the information and   guidance of auriferous longbow;; how we fonnd a message from longbow reporting ail well with hie party, and prospects hopeful for the speedy discovery of his great matrix mount; how we took from the general btoek sufficient stores to supply us on a journey estimated to last over a conple of months to the seacoast of western australia; nor bow,   amply equipped, we at last made a final de   norftim " waafiirati^ lin f"   parture " westward ho!"   only during that first day from the valley of earthquakes did galatea ride in solitary state npon the camel. the freak oeased to have any charm for her wayward faney on the seoond morning of onr journey, and play fully shaking her head in dissent when abraham bronght np the camel for her to mount, ebe laid her hand upon the rein of a beautiful little grey mare wniah phitkia had been in the habit of riding, and, vaulting lightly upon its bare back, drew up to my side, and henceforth ever after rode besiae me through all our journey.   and, oh, what happy days were those in spite of blazing sun and weariness, and fre quent thirst, to ride from early morn to sun set hour always with this hsautifnl, winsome girl-woman by my side. for £ loved her; yes, i loved her, and when my eyes met hers, and i seemed to see the warm, true, tender soul looking out of their passionate depths, then my blood danoed joyonbly through my veins, and lr.y heart leaped exultant within my breast, for 1 dared to believe, nay, i felt sure that my love was returned.   would to heaven those daily rides through the traokless australian wastes oould have oontinned for ever, until kind death bad come and claimed us both. would to heaven that i could end my etory here, and efface from my mind all the sad days whioh were eo   soon to follow.   but let me put off the sorrowful memories for a little while, and recall the too few bliss ful hours we epent together. we eould not converse, but artioolate speech was not   needed to tell the eecret ot onr hearts; j the silent language of love was snffi eiently well understood of as twain, and bometlmeb, after we had ridden for an honr in dnmb communion ot spirit, galatea would reach aoross her little hand, and clasping my clumsy palm in hsr slender fingers with a loving pressure wonld look at me with one of her long, lingering, question ing smiles, and then maybe would sing in a low dreamy voice some old-world love song fall of tender passsges and ending in a sad refrain of two or three trembling low notob in a minor key.   and again at odd intervale her expressive faoe would light no with comedy, and her whols being wonld brim over with joyons , laughter and gaiety, and at those times,   giving rein' to 'her' tnafe. bhe' would' gallop wildly off across the plain;' etnllhg merry snatches as ehe went, and coming back to1 me flushed and excited, her eyes dancing with fun, her white teeth gleaming with mischie vona'laughter, and her unloosened coils of auburn hair tossing in gleaming atrahde of gold in the bright sunlight.   or sometimes, and this but very rarely, i would wake up from my sleep bes|de the smouldering camp fire at the solemn midnight hoar to find her standing beside me, her small hands clasped npon her bosom, and the veins of her beantifnuy modelled neok showing in the red glow of the embers, as with head thrown back and pensive faoe uplifted to the stars she sang her weird, mysterious chant; and always.on those nights we heard the hollow, booming reverberation of the earthquake echoing among the ranges, or felt the ground tremble and heave tumultously beneath ua where we lay. her spirit seemed to have some strange sympathy with those throes and restless toa sings of mother earth, and as the vibration faded away, so always did her strange chant die in a few quivering bars of two or three sad, monotonous noteb. when, having finished, her arme wonld drop to her sides, and per fectly nnoonsoions of my presence she would turn and walk slowly bask to her tent.   one evening i remember—remember i— we were sitting as usual next eaoh other beside the campfire. supper had jnst ended; hemerton was dozing over his cigar and oup   of coffee, for, albeit, in the wilds of the aos- i tralian bush,, and explorers to boot, we were not restricted to the usual traveller's fare of damper and tea and a stiok of tobacco, and phitkin was away with abraham and the gun looking for rook • wallaby. so we sat silently hand in hand, her bead with its soft, silky, anbnrn hair resting on my shoulder, and a happy smile , playing about her mischievously pouting lips, 1 as with her right? hand she efily flicked the   long white ash—so carefully nursed by me— from my cigar; a- luxury indulged in only |   once a week.   then looking up towards the sky, she sud   denly started to her feet and, pulling me up |   with her, clasped my arm in hers, and point ing to the western heavens directed my attention to the planets jupiter and venus, then in the full' blaze of their glory in con junction. never had i been these two magnifi cent planetb so brilliant in radiance. jupiter, like a great liquid globe of light, hung a minia ture sun in the dark blue beavenb, and close : beside him—so close that it looked ab though i even my galatea's little hand could have . spanned the distance—shone serene and filled : with glorious light the planet venus. then   unlinking her arm galatea stepped hack from me a pace, and again pointing to the celestial couple, and afterwards pointing to me and to herself, she shyly laughed and crept timidly to my side, and laying her left arm caressingly around my neck she mur mured her first attempt at my name— "ponee wr-r roy !"   but her own old-world name she had for gotten, and so what followed to her triumph over my unoonth appellation was the name i had bestowed upon her, which, with a faint blush, she whispered, "and gala-ted-k!"   1 true astrologiaal portent, could i have read it correctly of our own two lives ? to-night, . apparently so closely united, so near to each other; and yet really how far apart, how widely separated by the lapse of incalculable ages of time and unbridgable distances of space 1   one other episode i have to record and ? then i have done with these happy rami i niscences of a daydream all too brief in its   . duration.   i think i have mentioned that our equip i ment included a photographic oamera, but   i unfortunately early in oar expedition an i accident occurred which resulted iu the ; utter destruction of all but one of the large ; and well-assorted packages of "dry plates," land thns we had been doomed to wander i about australia in the midbt of the mobt | delightful" bits " of scenery, and compelled i to pass by, "upon the. other side," the most 'charming of views; possessed, indeed, of "the apparatus" which "cara't lie," but devoid of plates whereupon to register our sun pictnres. the solitary remaining perfect piste we bad carefully treasured up for some scene which should eclipse all previoas views, and knowing that once nted it would be for ever melees, so far as we were con cerned, for any further picture,, should a yet more enobanticg " bit" be met with, it had so happened that the prepared surface- of our plate preserved a virgin page for the land scape of the artibt sol   apropos of this said hamerton, one i morning, "why not take a photo of galatea, i there's that-single dry plate left, you know ?"   and so it came to pass that i secured a lasting picture of her dear sweet face and form ; but as 1 could not develop or print from my plate until i reached: civilization again, my australian galatea never saw the wondronsly faithfnl reflection of herself.   for she was neven to see the long band, bille on the weetern coast, nor the rolling foam-crested billows breaking in hollow thunder upon the desolate shore, nor the towns ana all, the wonders of civilization, nor the tropic seas, and the old eastern lands, and the great world to winch i had vainly dreamt of introducing her.   for a mysterious nndefiable change was strangely making itself seen and felt in galatea. i think hamerton was the first to oall attention to it. although i had uneasily been conscious of it for a day or- two before he spoke.   said he, " dess't yon think galatea's hair i is growing lighter? it—er —reallv looked to me i to he quite silvery jubt now in the moon ! light."   ! yes; i had noticed the sudden and uu ! accountable appear sues of "silver threads i among the gold" of my darling's glorioas hair, ! myself, and x had also observed that same i morning, with wonder and aexions dismay,   that instead of mounting her mare with her wonted light springing step and bird-like lean into the improvised saddle, she seemed tired and stiller and slower in her movements, as tkongk she had groum suddenly and airanaelp.eld. and dnrhig the day her rivaoity and merriment seemed quieter and more sober; her exuberant vitality appeared to have given plaoe to a dreamy languor; and instead of singing snatohes of joyous airs in her quaint old-world tongue, and laughing in musi cal peak at the solemn gambols of the earns! or abraham's stately demeanour, or phitkia's fussy politeness, she was silent and almost trisu, and if she lightened no at all it was with sueh s wan, ssd, weary little smile that my very heart bled to see it and when i lifted her off her mare that evening, she seemed a heavier burden than usual—my darling, would i oould have carried your dear burden in my arms for the rest of the days of my life !—and lay for a moment in my embrace with her head upon my shoulder, as a faint flattering little eigh escaped her pale, parted lips.   but tbat night as we sat atonnd the oamp fire wrapped in our rugs, for the weather was now cooler, she waa ae gay and fall of youthful vivacity and merriment ae ever ; st one and the same time the moat charming   child and the sweeteat most gracious woman that ever smiled on nan. andarain.'ae of late, she eangto na songs of the. forgotten (un recorded australian part—weird, melodies, and quaint pathetic little alr»,"with.: sad, wailing lefrainsand, very rarely, light laugh ing cborntses: but as she stooped to *ay " good night," which alter manylesso'ns khe had learnt with prettily pouting lips to pro nounce as go-o-od n a-tte," isaw with a •hock that nearly froze'the blood withiu.my veins that even during the past few hours !her lovely golden auburn heir sad faded to a dull lifeless grey. bnt her eyes were as bright as ever, ana her oheek as rounded and soft, and her voloe as low and mnsioal and gentle ill its sweetly modulated tones.   .and so for many dreary suooeeding days did our galatea go on growing apparently older and feebler, still the same «hmiwi«g warmly affectionate girl-woman in graceful form and delicate velvety akin, and glorious eyes, and sad, beautifully curved little mouth, hut with the snow-white hair and far-off plaintive voioe and feeble gait, and trembling hands of a sweet gracious old lady.   and at last the morning came when sbe could no longer proeeed any further on ,our jonrney westward. it was a lovely fresh sonny day, and we were camped' by the banks of a broad, shallow river that ran in a clear, rippling stream above a sandy, pebble strewn bed and wound with many a ourve and cliff-bordered bend across the plain from a faint purple range of densely wooded huls in the far sonth-east,   ana galatea lay a dying. so old, so very   old and feeble and aweary, bnt with the son! i of a young maiden. no witch- like hag with hideous, distorted features, but a fair, soft skinned mild-eyed, tender, loving, gracious, nobly-bred old lady, snch, methinks, as was our beauteous mother eve in that peaceful old age of hers, respecting whioh the bible is so strangely silent.   the mysterious water of the funeral bath whioh had so wondiously preserved the spark of life within her body for unnumbered ages, whioh had arrested the decay of the tomb and the hand of time, could not altogether subvert the laws of nature and the few yaara whioh might have been left to my sweet galatea to live when she with weird priestly cites was laid unconscious in her bath of sepulture, had, upon her restoration to vitality to be lived in as many days. and rapidly, hourly she had grown older and feebler even unto extreme old ags and feeble ness, and now in the dreat australian desert with none of her old world race left npon the   earth to watch by her lbst couch, with only a man of these degenerate modern dayo, a rongh nneonth straager from the isles across the seas, to hold her hand in his, my galatea lav a dying.   but i loved her, i loved her. and although she conld not speak and answer me back in my own northern tongue vow for vow, i knew that my love was returned.   and at last, as the sun bank to rest in a bank of crimson and golden clouds upon the western horizon, ana dusk came creeping acrosb the eastern plain, hamerton and phitkin came quietly into the tent and stood silent by her couch of boughs and rugs.   and then galatea opened her fast filming eyes, and with a mournful little smile pursed no her pretty lips, and murmured in the speech of whioh she was so proud, " go-o-od na'ite," and hamerton bent down and kissed her clustering silvery hair, and said huskily, "good night, my dear,!' and phitkin, poor phitkin, said something unintelligible between a sob and a cough of aflieoted courage and firmnebb, and hurried out of the tent. and hamerton slowly and sadly followed.   then my love drew down my faoe to hers and kissed me on the lips and whispered ponee wr-r-roy andqaiaazi fa, and so passed into the spirit world.        13915		p. p. c.   chapter i bob the soldier.   "p. p. c."   a story by "egeria."   (written for the "town and country journal".)   chapter i.   bob the soldier.   the rain, which had been threatening all day, began with the setting of the sun — a steady downpour, which, in no time, filled the ruts and gullies, and turned the road into an amateur torrent. the old man stood in the doorway, watching the rain, and muttering to himself. the doorway belonged to an old stone building, which, in other days, had been used as a road side public- house. it was well and faithfully built — a large two-storey house. for forty seven years it had kept solitary watch over cattle creek, on whose banks it stood, over the long ugly flat on its eastern side, the high ridges on the north, and the old road passing by its door, which in bygone times had been the one thorough   fare from yaralla on the north to wendouree on the south. the owner of the stone house, as it was called, lived in england — an eccentric indi vidual, who refused to sell either the building or its adjoining forty acres of land, or even to lease them. he was possessed of a considerable for tune, and money was no object to him. so the fine old house was let fall into decay; its only occupants for years being drovers and tramps. there was no trace left of the garden, which once surrounded the house; and the fences had been carried away for fire wood years before. it was said that the man who had taken up this land in the early days had built the stone house for a hotel, be lieving that a township would eventually spring up around it, and that the property would become valuable. but years after, when a township was to be laid out, the site chosen was on cattle creek, twelve miles below the stone house; and a new road was surveyed from yaralla to wen douree, passing through the little town on the banks of cattle creek, which had been named barri — on the other side of the ridge, seven miles   off the old road.   the old man remained in the doorway looking out on the cheerless prospect; his eyes idly following the mobs of cattle which were slowly moving toward the thickly-timbered ridges. there was rain everywhere — beating against the cracked and broken window panes, dripping from the roof, from the clumps of sweetbriar in front of the house, from the tall bracken on the banks of the creek, from the culvert over the creek. as day faded into night, the solitary spectator looked once more toward the ridge which loomed like a gigantic shadow against the horizon. then, turning, he closed the door on the outside world.   it was the last day of the old year — and the last day of the old man's life. he had lived at the stone house for five years. who he was, and whence he came, no one knew or cared. throughout the district he was known by the name of bob the soldier. how, or why he came by the sobriquet was hard to say, unless his up right and soldierly carriage had earned the title for him. lately his stalwart frame had begun to stoop. he was gruff and taciturn in manner, neither inviting nor exchanging con fidence. occasionally he walked into barri for rations; but while there he made no acquaint ances, frequented no public-houses. his hair and beard were iron gray, long and unkempt; his shaggy brows hung over his deeply-set dark eyes. there was nothing in his appearance to dis tinguish him from scores of other tramps — but, bob the soldier had known better days. he was a gentleman by birth and education; and by pro fession, a soldier; in his youth he had been a captain in h.m. —th regiment. he was an only child, spoiled and wayward, proud and impetuous.   his name was paul powyss chester — "p. p. c.''   as his friends always called him. the week pre viously to his marriage with mabel lawson, the belle of the county side, he received a letter from   his affianced wife. afterward an old and con fidential servant of the family told the sorrow- stricken parents that he had seen the captain reading a letter, had then seen him fall suddenly on his knees, and with a ghastly white face turned upward, and fists tightly clenched, he had uttered a deep and terrible curse. an hour after he had received the fatal letter, captain paul chester left his father's house, and never re turned. he wrote from london on the following day, saying that his passage was taken in a vessel bound for australia, which was to sail in a few hours. he added that subsequent events would show his reason for so hastily deserting parents and home. within a week all knew that mabel lawson had been privately married to richard morton, a resident of an adjoining county, a man of great wealth. his relatives and friends never heard of paul again. their advertisements in the australian papers remained unheeded. their letters, addressed to the general post-offices of sydney and melbourne, in which they besought him to return, or, if that were impossible, to at least communicate with them, received no reply. it was best so. drink and gambling soon began to do their work. paul went from bad to worse. his life in the colonies was one series of wrong   doing. he had led the life of a tramp for years, and came to spend his last days in the old stone house by the roadside.       chapter ii in the stone house.   chapter ii.   in the stone house.   night came on apace. the old man was sitting on a three-legged stool, bending over the fire. a billy full of tea stood on the hearth. a piece of damper was in his hand, but he seemed to have forgotten his tea. his head was sunk on his breast. his eyes were closed.   a sudden bang on the outside door startled him. he listened for a moment; then rose slowly to his feet, and walked feebly from the room. as he reached the hall a voice from without called: "hi, there! any one in? you couldn't   refuse a dog shelter on a night like this."   for answer, the old man opened the door. a young fellow stepped briskly into the passage, shaking the water from his hat and overcoat.   "i thought i saw firelight in that room," he said in clear, cheery tones. "hold on, old man. don't shut the door till i get my saddle. it's just here," pulling it inside as he spoke. "i've   hobbled my horse, and turned him adrift. poor brute! he's carried me fifty miles to-day, and deserves better treatment. but it's darker than night; and i'm dead beat. i can't push on   farther."   while speaking he had deposited his saddle and valise in the hall, divested himself of his   leggings and overcoat, and walked into the room where the fire was burning.   "i suppose you will not mind sharing your   quarters with me for the night?" addressing the old man, who had resumed his seat on the stool.   bob the soldier answered with a harsh laugh, looking round the room as he spoke, "there's room enough."   "i'll have to ask you to share your tea with me also;" said the new comer, looking at the billy. "i've plenty of grub in my swag, but nothing to drink, unless brandy; and i'd rather have a pot of tea to-night."   the man motioned to him to help himself.   "you're the man they call bob the soldier, aren't you? you've lived here some years?"   a surly grunt was all the answer given.   the young fellow, nothing abashed, rattled on, "my name's morton; percy morton. daresay you've heard of the mortons, of mount pleasant,   near wendouree?"   the old man took no notice of the question. just then the fire died down suddenly. he rose, struck a match, and lighted a tallow candle,   which stood in an old rum bottle on the shelf   above the fireplace. percy morton looked around him. the room was large and lofty, floored and ceiled with pine boards. an old table, a broken chair, and the stool formed the only furniture. in a corner stood a bunk, on which was spread a blue blanket and a 'possum rug.   "a dreary shop," thought percy. at that moment his eye was arrested by three letters which were cut deep into the wood by the side of the fireplace. he looked closely at them, and wondered who had carved them there. taking the candle in his hand to get the beef and bread from his saddle-bag in the hall, he observed the same letters cut into a panel of the door. they were well and carefully done. a sharp instru ment had evidently been used. the three letters   were "p. p. c."   "wonder what they stand for," mused the   young man. he unrolled his swag, and, making himself as comfortable as circumstances would permit by the fire, began his tea, which he ate in silence. bob the soldier, with his head bent and his eyes closed, remained motionless for some time. morton thought that he was asleep, when suddenly he uttered a groan and swayed in his seat. morton ran to him, and caught him in his arms. the old man's face was of an ashen hue; drops of cold sweat stood on his brow; his hands felt like the hands of a dead man. percy sup ported him for some time, listening to his breath ing, which came in labored pants. suddenly re membering his flask of brandy, he drew it from his pocket, and gave the suf   ferer a little to drink. it seemed to revive him. after a while percy gave him some more. soon he was able to sit up without assistance. he turned his eyes on young morton's face with a long steady gaze. he muttered something to himself and staggered to his feet.   "you seem ill," said percy. "i think you had better lie down on your bed over there.   are you in any pain?" his voice was kind and pleasant.   "it's an — old — pain,"   answered the man, speaking with some difficulty. "i'm   used to it." he resumed his seat on the stool.   "the brandy did you good.   you must have some more; and i've a biscuit here, a good plain sort that will be better for you than damper," looking down at the junk   which had fallen from the old man's feeble grasp on to the   hearthstone. "sop the bis cuit in the brandy, and try to eat it. it will do you good."   the man obeyed him; but a very small portion of biscuit satisfied him. again there was silence, and young morton was nodding over the fire, when he was startled by a laugh — loud, harsh, unmirth ful. it came from bob the soldier.   "forsworn!" he exclaimed, striking his hand on his knee. "forsworn! how many times! you tempted me." he turned fiercely on morton. then he laughed again;   "always said i would die sober." he was silent for a   while. then, looking at percy, he demanded, "why did you tempt me?"   he answered gently, "you were ill, and i gave you the brandy to do you good. let me help you to your bed. you will be better lying down."   "no!" shouted bob the soldier, waving him back; "leave me; leave me; i'm best alone. not long to wait now."   his eyes closed; and his head again sank on his breast. morton kept silent. after awhile bob the soldier spoke again, looking up at the young fellow who stood beside him, and who was again struck by the deadly pallor of his counten   ance.   "if that pain comes again, i'm a dead man." he relapsed into silence!   for a long while the young fellow sat by the fire, listening to the dripping of rain, the low gurgle of water, the driving wind. from time to time he would glance round the old room, and at its time-worn occupant. then his eyes again fell on the initials carved into the wood of the fireplace. he began to wonder what they signified, who had cut them there, and when? while so thinking, he fell asleep. when he awoke 'twas midnight. he sat up, and looked about him. the old man was lying in his bunk in the corner. the fire had burned down; and grotesque shadows seemed to mount the walls.   "this is tho most uncanny spot i've ever been in," said morton, half aloud. "i'll be off as soon as it's daylight." then he thought of them all at home, and of their disappointment at his non- appearance that night. he smiled now and then.   "brentwood!" the old man was sitting up in his bunk. the call had come from him. "brent wood!" he cried once again; and then he lay down. young morton felt startled.   brentwood, a familiar name in his own home, fell strangely from the lips of the old tramp in the dead of night. brentwood, the name of his grandfather's place in the north of england. how often his mother had described her old home to him till he seemed to know every stick and stone belonging to the place!   "what can the man know about brentwood?" mused percy. "oh! well, i dare say there are more brentwoods than one; and it may be the name of a man as well as of a place. but it was odd to hear him call that out."   he soon fell asleep again. he slept for several hours. when he awoke bob the soldier was sitting up in bed, talking. the fire was out.   percy, struck a light, and ran to the old man, thinking that he wanted something. but bob the soldier was not conscious of his presence. for over an hour he talked — talked incessantly; and, though his voice was loud and vehement, the watcher could not distinguish one word of what he said, because of the indistinctness of his speech. at day dawn he fell back suddenly on his bunk. he was cold — cold as death; his forehead and hands clammy to the touch. morton rubbed his hands and limbs, poured brandy down his throat, spoke to him. but he lay still and quiet. as the day light began to force its way into the rude apart ment, he gave one sobbing sort of gasp, and   passed away.   an hour afterward, when percy morton softly   re-entered the room to take a last look at bob the soldier, it seemed to him that he smiled. but it was only a ray of light falling across the face, which in death looked so peaceful, so refined.       chapter iii the initials.   chapter iii.   the initials.   "must you really attend that horrible inquest to-day?"   "oh! percy, is it to-day? what a nuisance! we wanted you to help us to do so many things to-day."   "of course i must attend the inquest;" re sponded percy morton in reply to his sister's questions. "i was the last person who saw him alive, and i was with him at his death."   "i am sorry you have to go to-day," inter posed his mother, in her clear calm tones. "it is a long ride to the stone house; and i am afraid it is going to be a very warm day."   "i wish you hadn't stayed at that horrid old place that night," said one of the girls.   "that will do, lucy," interrupted her father, a grave, elderly man. "be thankful your brother was there in time to be of some service to an un fortunate creature in his last moments."   lucy frowned, and walked away.   "be home in good time, my son. you know who is to be here this evening," said mrs. morton with a smile.   percy returned his mother's smile, and flushed a little. "it won't take me long to get back," he   said.   the morton family had assembled at the even   ing meal in the handsome dining-room at mount pleasant. a young girl, not a member of the family, was also present. her tender eyes dwelt often upon percy, who was engaged in earnest talk with his father. the girls were laughing and chatting among themselves. there was to be a picnic the next day, which would be followed by a dance in the evening; and the prospective fun formed an all-absorbing topic. the mistress of the house sat at her end of the table, silent as was her wont. suddenly she started; as if some one had struck her; and her face changed.   "what percy? what did you say?"   he turned in surprise at her tone. "i was only telling father of three letters they found tatooed on the arm of poor old bob the soldier. they were p. p. c.; and i saw the same initials cut into the wood of the room he occupied at the stone house. it never struck me that they had anything to do with him, or that he had carved them there, till the coroner spoke of them to-day, and showed them to us on the poor old fellow's   right arm."   "what were the initials?" asked lucy, who had paused in her own conversation to hear what her brother was saying.   "p. p. c." repeated percy.   "how very appropriate in the circumstances! he must have been a humorist," she laughed.   "oh! lucy," remonstrated ethel wilson in gentle reproof.   "and oh! mother," continued percy, turning to her, "i forget to tell you that the last word i heard him say distinctly was brentwood. wasn't it strange? he may have known some one of that name. but you can't think how it startled me to hear him call it out in the middle of the night in that uncanny place."   "that will do percy," interposed his sister agnes; "don't talk any more about what hap pened that night. you are only upsetting mother. see how pale she is. what did you say, mother?" as mrs. morton rose from her seat, her face strangely white.   "i am going outside for a while — i shall — be better there. this room — is hot and — oppress ing." she spoke in a forced, nervous way; and her eyes avoided those of her husband and chil   dren.   "poor mother!" said percy, looking after her; stupid of me to upset her; she looks quite ill."   . . . . . . . . .   mrs. morton walked into the garden with a hasty, impetuous step, very unlike her ordinary slow and dignified walk. "p. p. c.," the initials, danced before her eyes. how often those three letters had been written in her programme in by gone days! oh! could it be? she felt startled, shocked. to die like a dog — friendless, alone, neglected. but, after all, there was no proof; it may not have been — and yet! — brent wood — he spoke of brentwood! she remembered so well the last time she had seen him. a lover to be fond of, so handsome, brave, and fond. poor paul! once more she was back in her girl hood's home; and he was beside her. she could feel his breath on her cheek; his arms around her. his eyes were looking into hers, and he was saying —. she started, and looked about   her.   "ah! well," she sighed; "what matter now? that was all over long ago, when — i jilted   him."   she had moved to the south of england directly after her marriage; and she never again saw any member of the chester family. she had heard that paul had gone to australia. it was her husband who read aloud to her his name among a list of passengers bound to the antipodes. she was glad he had gone. in a new land, among new people, with new interests she hoped he would forget her. yes, she had hoped sincerely that he would find some good woman to be his wife there, and that he would settle down and do well in the colonies.   she had thought of paul chester often at first,   and then, only occasionally, her own marriage had turned   out so happily. her husband   was kind and devoted — her children handsome and   healthy; she had never known a want or a sorrow. for many years she had ceased to remember her girlhood's lover.   she had so many other things to think about; so many other interests — and now, after   forty-two years' silence, the   past has all come back to her!   "p.p.c." tattoed on his right arm — cut into the wood of the room that sheltered him at   the last!   from within came the sounds of merry laughter, of fresh, young voices. from   where she stood, she could see her youngest son percy — her best beloved — and the girl of his choice, together on the verandah. what if ethel treated percy as his mother had once treated her lover? if her son's life should be wrecked, and he came to die, as — she hid her face in her hands, and shuddered.   the wind sighed tenderly, mournfully, through the trees, softly rippling the lace and   ribbons on her fair hair — hair which had so few streaks of   gray in it, despite her 60 years.   and paul was lying at rest in his allotted space on the banks of cattle creek, within a few yards of the old house which had sheltered him for   so many years.   and she who had been mabel lawson was, for the first time in her life, feeling the sting of remorse.   [the end.]        11208		the remnant of a life   chapter (i)   the remnant of a life.   (written for the "town and country journal.")   (by mrs. langloh parker.)   there are lonely graves left on the wallaby track,   and the bush-grass bends above them;   they had no white hands to wave them back,   perhaps, no hearts to love them.   but none the less will their sleep be sound   for the hope and the love denied them,   or the ceaseless tramp on the thirsty ground   till all men sleep beside them.   —will ogilvie.   it was a midsummer's afternoon on the west- tern plains of new south wales. rain there is a luxury, and coolness in summer an unknown quantity.   mrs. treherne sat on the narrow verandah of a station house, trying to imagine herself among her native hills, in fern-tree gullies, besides babbling streams, where flies were few and mos- quitoes none.   but it required a more acrobatic mind than hers to achieve such a difficult stretch of imagination, where the outlook was across a grey saltbush plain, studded with silvery, drooping myall trees, and where the thermometer was well en route to boiling, and the flies only to be kept at bay by the constant waving to and fro of her big palmetto fan, and well she knew that when the flies went the mosquitoes would come.   the crows were cawing incessantly out on the plain in front—some poor lamb at their mercy, thought mrs. treherne; and her mind wandered on to how much she had read of the solemn silence of the bush, and she pondered as to where that bush was, for here there was certainly silence never, solemn or otherwise—crows cawing by day, galahs screeching. even as she thought of them, a large flock of galahs wheeled past, screeching in their flight, before they settled on an old dead, rung tree in front. how brilliantly, she thought, their rose-coloured breasts and top- knots showed out on that grey tree against the background of a cloudless deep blue sky !   but oh! tho hateful nolso of their harsh cries! silence indeed! not evon the night brought lt. tao mosquitoes then take up a buzzing re- frain to ncturo's chorus. tho myriad frogs, too, lu tho far swamp would croak in something uko the roar ot a distant city.   silence ot tho- bush! a sarcasm indeed, she thought, os she waved away tho buzzing flies, and a ¿croat t\ornet thatlwas humming past her to tho water- bag, just as bho was thinking that to live in thia climate a woman should be born with a punkah aa part of hor mechanism, and, wondorlng if the nee", would in generations to como ovoiyo audi on addition, silo heard her husband's step.   "surely it can't be tho mall," she said, hoping for the ono weekly excitement ufo hold there,   "it mufct bc someone come," she thought, as «ha rwpnlsecl on alertness in hor hubnnd'b btop in ninrked contrast to tho lazy saunter with whloh he liad dtnggod himself away when called somo time previously.   "i suy, rindgo," ho called out, ns ho carno along, "gtiiiiliopi» it; up from tho bond."   "and stmil.'dpo ls?"   "tho chap i was tolling you about who has boen riding the bond paddock for tho inst fow months. i'vo just puld him off. he's lull up   oí it, and off out weat. he's a gentleman, don't you know-old army man. i asked him to stay the night at least, and for a few days if he cared to. ho's a rum chap-a bit balmy, some follows think. but i'm hanged if i know; a repu- tation for lunacy ls easily earned herc. you've only, to clean your nails and wear clean collars, and tub, to bo thought a blt off; and as to eng- lish riding-breeches, a scratch jury would lock you up as dangerous at tho sight of thom."   all this a running accompaniment to tho emp- tying of a long blecver, which ilnished, mr. tre- horne said, "i'll bring stanhope round, shall i? i showed him into one of tho barrack rooms to scrub a little of the red dust off him."   "bring him, of course. i'll be charmed to meet even a mad variation from tho bush type, which does run somewhat to dulness. look here, if you drink so much sodawater you'll balloon into space."   "can't help lt; i'vo a thirst that many tum- blers won't ciuench."   "i suppose," wont on mrs. troherne, "this stanhopo is a dcrollot. i nra always so sorry for tho men who are social wrecks, and yet have to drift about the ocean of life, until some storm or another finally breaks them up."   "we all know, madge, you'd mother creation if you could-a born mother. mothers are born, right enough, not made. you soe lots of women with children not a scrap motherly; lots without any, real mothers. anyway, your heart ls a cave of adullam where all such as are in trouble can find a refuge now, i'v» pretty well quenched my thirst. a follow wants the neck of a giraffe this weather, and a cool stream of ioed liquid trickling down it all the time. i'll go and bring stanhope."   in a few minutes ho came back; with him a man of medium height, tipnro in build; a thin tannod face, baro, but for a hoavy dark-brown moustache; a small square forehead, with pro- minent eyebrows, and a straight fringe across it of dark-brown hair shot with groy. his foaturos wore regular, but madgo's attention was fixed at once by tho maddest, saddest brown eyes she had over soon on a human faoo. "just how a dog must look when he is baying the moon," she thought.   stanhope made a sort of hop, step, and jump to within a few feet pf madgo, thon suddenly stopped, as lt someone had touched a spring, put his feet togothor, and stood at attention.   trohcrno said, "madge, lot mo introduce mr. stanhope to you."   "how do you do?" said madge, with the swoet motherly smile that jack said uno kopt in stock for life's falluros. madgo trehorne was rather unapproachable save through tho modlum of falluro. "only the unsuooossful want frlonds," she used to say; "thoso who sucoeod havo thom thick as flies round a honey-pot-so swoot is success.to human nature" she followed walt whitman's croed, and sang for tùe vanquished, who, bho too bald, had fought life's battle equally with the victors,   sometimos she was roproaohod for helping in- discriminately the desorvlng and undeserving poor.   with a fine scorn she used to reply, "and who am i to judge as to who deserve help and who   do not? who am i to put in tho word deserving, which had no place in christ's command to take what yon had and give lt to tho poor? that a person la in want of help ls enough for me to warrant that naslstanco should be given. if a man were drowning ehould we stay to ask if ho deserved saving?"   in recognising the introduction, stanhope bent hi3 head down, down until he nearly touched his toes, then up again with a quick jerk, a hop for- ward, and his hand limply touched tho ono madge waa offorlng him.   "now," said mr. troherne, "i must be off. oreen, the bullock-drlver, wanta to see me. those chaps always choose tho hottest day they can to root out their boas. i'll leave you, stan- hope, to my wife. take my tip, and quench your thirst. i expect you have ono you would not soil for a fiver. you'll find the where- withal in that canvas water-boat."   left to entertain mr. stanhope, who was making her feel quite uncomfortable by his axed gazo-he nevor soemed to remove his mad, sad eyo.i from her face-imrs. troherne began:-'   "you must have found it dreadfully dull at the   bend."   "dull? yea, by goorge. remaps auiness ?waa what i dla fool. i hardly roallbed." ho ehook himself ns it awakening from a dream.   "you should have come up to boo us before, or, are thero not some homesteads nearer that end of the run? tho bend paddock is over thirty miles from here, isn't lt?"   "yes, thirty-three bush miles, which are like irish ones-long. there aro several home- steads nearer than this. but, dash it all, mrs. treherno, i feel less alone when alone than with uncongenial companions. you and mr. trohorno are different. as to the rest, what recreation is it for a mnn to hear the fluctuations of the tallow, wool, and fat stock market? such are the only bubjoots that interest the men. a non-reading community, or, lt they road, their mental pabulum consists of tho "stock and station journal" and the local rag, or perhaps the moro advanced take a weekly sydney paper and the "review of re- views," and, by way ot being cultured, glvo you a rechauffe ot what they havo read in these. you notice, though, when tho mail comes they all open the local rag ilrst. tho women don't road at all, unless thero has been a show, nnd they expect to seo their own names in print. how dowdy and how conceited a woman can bo is left to a man to learn in tho australian bush. no, i find i have more in common with my horse and my dog than i have with tho avorago run of so-called humans i moot. i must «how you my dog."   again on mrs. treherno he anchored his eyes, which, while he was speaking, had roamed round tho garden, up and down the vorandah, and anywhere but towards tho person to whom ho was spoaklng,   "you have, i think my husband said, som« relations in australia. do you not find thom affording?"   "impossible! quito impossible! sont out, i should think, because they wore too slow for england,"   "i had thought people wore more llkoly to bo sont out for being too fast,"   "ia some cases, perhaps, but not 'with my re«   lotions, unices, indeed, the sending out effected a radical change. why, tho women wear elastic sided boots, and the men survey tho world from tho tops of tallow casks, seeing only in tho dis- tance a vista of many sheep yards which bound   their horizon.   "sometimes a yearning comes over me to know once more tho women i have knoym. and lt mad- dens me to think that i must spend my few re- maining years in a land of wool-brained squat- ters' wives and blackgins."   he beat his forehead with his hand, blt his moustache, and sighed out a long sigh.   "mad, quite," thought mrs. treherno, "to box us all up together-squatters' wives and black- gins."   aloud she said, "you long, then, for your old world?"   "my world? what's the old world to me, with all its dazzling women? i'm forgotten. couldn't keep my head above water-went under. dead to all."   "my world ls a good waterhole, with a margin of grass where my horse can graze. thon if i havo a bono for my dog and a billy of tea for my fielf, i camp content for the most part as aa ordinary bushman; they aro self-satisfied and content enough, god knows. tho tragody of tholr bush ls a soalod book to thora.   "but at times comes a longing for just another forty minutes on tho grass, as tho old leicester- shire fields pas3 in memory's magic slldos before rae, and i feel the old pulsation, when every 'breath ono drew was lifo. or once more i guido the beauty of tho season through a london ball- room, or lead on my company to glory or tho grave. but enough.   ".meeting once more a lady has roused recollec- tions of a past that no mental effort can kill. i will go and got my dog caesar."   ho jumped up, as if again a spring was touoh ed. ho bowed to tho ground, and stopped back- wards off the verandah. mrs. treherno was ter- rified lost he should trip on tho unovou boards and fall; howover, ho safely effected his exit.   another urandisonian bow, and thon his hop, etep, and jump of a retreat. after a few moments ho returned, a black-and-tan collie to hool.   bowing again, ho said "this ls caesar. pat him, mrs. trehorno; ho ls worthy of a lady's touch. look at him. look at his faithful oyes!   "what a world of sllont sorrow iles in a dog's oyes. 1 think caesar in this existence has to ex- piate some evil dono in his labt. perhaps, poor beggar! ho took his own ufo' and ia earth-bound in this form until his expiation ls. complote.   "my idoa of heaven ls that all ranimais wé have loved on earth will bo there with us in the same form as wo aro; that at last our spirits way bs in perfect communion, such speech as is ours will bo theirs, too. you can't persuado mo animal» havo no souls. why, dash lt all! i bollevo thojr fcavo more soul than us, for they can remember their past; that's what really makos them so faithful to us, and bruto man says it ls becaus» they do not realise their t trongth. look at tho soul in oaoaar's eyo! look how ho prloks his faithful oarb! soo how ho wags his faithful tall! worthy of laudsoor'a brush! dash lt alli bx goorgoj no landseer was ovor worthy to limn n lino of him. dooli lt all! by george! not'   jack troherne carno baok at this otago of tnt   'dog rhapsody, nnd soolng caesar said, "showing tho wlfo your dog, oh? ho looks a good sort. any uso with sheep?"   "sheep!" with a look of withering scorn. "do you supposo i demean that noble animal by lot- ting him work sheep? mako him do what i'd novor do myself? cattle work i don't mind. there's an element of sport about that, a kind of polo with horned beasts for balls. by george! what polo ponies some of those cuttlng-out horses would mako! but sheep work, bah! novor do caesar and his boss got so low as that! that's why wo'ro out wost, away from tho smell of the sheep yards and tho talk of wool for a spell.   "you'll all ruin youralvos soiling your cattle for a song, and buying up any riverina rubbish of shcop for fabulous prices. but you don't see it, any of you; you're all shcop mnd. but i dare say it suits your bankers well enough. a caso of robbing peter to pay paul. tho bank that has you hos tho follow in riverina, too; do it's only a paper deal after all. that's aus- tralian ilnanco for you-paper deals, and a nico smash it's hooping up to como some day. no   moro shcop for mo. so i'm off 'whero tbo peli- can builds her nest.' "       chapter ii   chapter ii.   years passed. the trohornes had lately re- turned from a trip to tho dig smoke, bringing with them a niece of jack trehorno-mamlo arnold, a girl to whoso making had gone "a rose, a lily, a sorpent, a little honey, and a handful of clay."   mon woro salt of the earth to her.   sho had now boen on the station two or three wooltß. tho old bookkeeper and tho young jackoroo had already lost their savour-sho was pining for fresh flavours.   in dofault of those to her own hand, ono afternoon sho was following tho adventures of a "yellow-back" heroine after her own heart, while bobido hor mrs. treherno occupied her motherly lingers in baby-frock sewing. mr. troherno appeared at tho door.   "i say, madge, who do you think has turned up? can't guess, i bet."   "a man, unelo jack?" asked mamie, patting lior frlngo into forn at tho very thought.   "a man, indeed. just into your hand; i've been your woo of lato at having no now men to conquer in tho bush. horo's ono with a history, such as girls dolight in. lato an officer in tho army. any amount of duchesses, countesses, and tho rost of tho frilled aristo- cracy, up his sleeve. real high life, and no hack stairs to it. stanhopo spent his past sandwiched between a princess and a duchess. look up your court otiquottc, mamie, whllo i run him round. 'tho darno made a curtsey, tho dog said bow-bow' sort of thing, don't you   know."   as mr. trehorno went off grinning, mamie   said.   "aunt madge, really, is this mr. stanhopo, swaggor and all, that-old army man? tho namo sounds promising. ono oxpects moro from a stanhopo than n smith somehow."   "and you'd probably got loss. as to .:r. stanhope-old army man, yes. swagger, i don't know. to my humble australian senses ho   seemed a mad creature, tinctured strongly with badness. ho looked haunted, somehow."   mamlo picked up her book, and wont into her room, which opened off tho sitting-room. in a short timo sho. returned, madge noticed a rearrangement of her fringe, a smart chiffon bow at her neck, and her old shoos changed to a much-prized beaded pair of now bronze ones. as sho smiled, mrs. trohorno thought:   "mamlo ls, as jack would say, on tho war- path. that bow and those shoes always mean scalps. what a shock ho will be to hor, buf fottod as ho ls by stress of rough weather on life's journey."   sho heard then the hop, stop, and jump mode of progression sho recognised as stanhope's   own.   ouco more he stood at attention before her. once more hq bowed his grandlsoninn bow.   once more ho hopped forward, "nd took limply her proffered hand.   sho introduced mm to mamie. he wont through tho samo marlonctte-liko performance,   linger lng rather longer over mamie's band. the fascination of tho chiffon bow had begun.   as mr. stanhope sat down ho sighed, an echo of his old-time sigh, and after letting them rove round tho room he anchored his eyes on' mamie,' ks of old on . mrs. trehorne. but when the echoes of his same old mad, sad words words rang again in her oars mrs. treherne hall to moke an excuse aud go. as she left sho heard murmurs of how meeting a lady had taken him back to his past; how people in australia only surveyed tho world from a tallow cask; that his world was a waterhole, etc.   after some time she returned, and heard him asking mamie,'with a most languishing look., as. ho tugged at his lonp moustache, if she had ever heard of "the love that came too late," and whether tho explosion applied to his own feel- ings, or was the name of a song or book, mrs. treherne did not quite know, for before marule* had time to answer, the erratio mr. stanhope ' had jumped up and 'gone out to bring in his   dog.   tho c*.nv3 merged into weeks, the weeks into over a month. stanhope still lingered.   morning after, morning found him bowing to the ground, and, taking if the ladles had - cny plana for tho day.   finding they had none, he would invariably suggest that mamie should acoompany him in tho afternoon for a canter, riding his "fit for a charge, by qoorge!" horse hussar. mamie al- ways agreed-any man was better than no man.   "with a bow ho, alw.ays backed away to spend tho rest of the morning in atting hussar to carry a lady, for ho said: "no station groom knowb how to get a horse teady for a lady. dash it all, by george, not"   at luncheon he would ascertain at what hour   manolo would-be roady. bowing again, h« .would |   retiro, and have, tho horses at the gate at the   hour named.   mamie fooled him: as mamie knew how.   "i must keep my hand in," she usod to say when mrs. treherne expostulated, "women can tot live for women alone."   mrs. treherne thought it a little cruel to give mr. btanhopo such dlr'.inot encouragement to make a fool of himself, and bald so.   "i think i ara very kind to the poor old fel- low," said mamie. "you and uncle jack never trouble about him; if it were not for me he'd feel quito neglected. at it is, he says he never was bo happy in australia."   "but remember, mamie, ho may bo taking your play sorloubly. it ls only play to you, but may bo pain to him."   "nonsense. you only, as housekeeper, have power to hurt a man. pain to him ls a question of digestion, tho hool of achilles of the ordi- nary man is his digestion; so lt he be hurt on your hoad ho tho sin, aunt mine of the preach- ing tonos."   "how hatofully modern you are, mamie, affect- ing a cheap oyulolsm. but, remember, if you aro a modern of moderns, ho belongs to the old rogliuo, and does not know tho now type of girl, with soft, sweet glances and calculating hoart, so sparc lum."   "ho's all right. anyhow, ho ls off in a few ' days, and we'll novor meet aguln."   a fow mornings afterwards mr. stanhopo carno in, not to ask "tho indica" what their plana ¡were, but to impart his owu.   "i have come, mrs. treherne, to say good- bye; to thank you for a pleasant vl3lt, which will shine over as a star in my life's dark sky. a time avlll come ore long, i hope, when i can return from my gold quest to claim my güerdon. i go back to my world of waterholes, far away, 'where the pelican builds her nest.' before, i wont with a grief unguessed; now, i go a man animated by hope. i go becauso thoso wilds holds prizes to bo won by such as seek thom. bravo men make westward always to win fair women. i shall wrest from tho desert its se- crets. bleached bonos ho on tho tracks; but there, if a man bo bold enough, is fortuno's favour to be won. and in tho stillness of tho nights of late i havo hoard tho desert voices calling to me to bo up and doing, that i may gain my heart's desire."   tho haunted look lu his oyes was so intensified that it almost frightened mrb. trohorne.   but ho shook himself back to this mundane world, and said: "again i thartk you. good- bye, mrs. trehorne."   he bowed low over her hnnd, sprang swiftly up again, turned, and followed mamie, who was walting for him under the popper-tree at the gate. whllo walting sho was idly stripping thc red berries off the drooping branches and pelting them aimlessly at .tho fienco.   as, bush fashion, mrs. trehorne followed him to the gate to speed his parting, she could hoar him sigh. she saw him clasp mamie's hand in both his, and gaze at hor as if his eyes could not drink in their jill of her fair face.   she hoard him say   "you havo resurrected my soul, miss arnold.   instead of feeling sorrow in the shadow of my .j life, i seo joy ahead of mo. i go in pursuit. i   will return when i have fought'ray battlo against j the desert demons, and won their hidden trea- . sures." i   ho dropped her hand. ' she -went on plucking tho red berries, and said but one w,ord with her ups, "good-bye," but her eyes expressed vol-   umes.   ho bowed lo the ground, stood upright again, and. with ono more passionate glance from his mad, sad eyes, he turnod to his horses, mounted hussar, seizod the halter of his packhorse, said in a choking volco, "como, caesar" to his dog, bhook his bridle, and s.tarted away at a smart pace, never once looking back.   soon ho was out of sight, and only the dust was seen curling along the road in his wake, to dissolve like a wraith as the echo of his horsos' hoofs died away.   mamie, still posing under the popper-tree, yawned, and, as she turnod to follow mrs. tre- herne up the garden path, said:   "what next, i wondor? a sane man for oholce   -lunatics pall rather. thank goodness, ho's , gono at last! what a boro he ls. how tlrod 1 am of him and his post grandeurs i better coin in the present than court» in the past as far as i'm   concerned."   "you've sent him away to bettlo with paite «ind portuno for your sake, with tho hope of returning   to you." i   "return! not ho! his sort never como baok, happily thero are lunatic asylums in australia, though from the number of lunatics you see at large you mightn't think so. i understand now why quoensknd, in proportion to her population, require«» so many. it ie those pelican-nest hunt- ing people who all them. stanhopes are evldent   ^ ly rifo thor.o. it's the ollmcuo does lt, i aupposo,   and tea. did you notice the quarts mr. stan-   hope used to drink-tho strongest ho could get? j well, he's gone, and here goos for another. perhaps the new manager of wirrllta will be afr   fording." !   "mamie, you are heartless."   "not heartless, but disinclined to make a door- i mat of my heart for mon to wipe their feet on and smile swe-etly *as their mud sticks. i don't believe in slaves of tho ring."   "i did not think women's rights was your cult." "bah! don't box me up with those joyless judies. i'm juet a woman who means to have a good time, 'couto qu'il coûte,' and not be   trampled on. to that end i cultivate men." i   "and trample on them?" ! "if lt ls to be a caae of trampling or being trampled upon, certainly, i prefer tho former."       chapter iii   chapter iii,   i   ' months passed-months of interest to mamio. j the new manager of wirrllta waa dosiruble, and ' had fallen a victim to her .varied charms, and   she was .within a fow weeks of her marriage. i   one mall day came a queensland letter for   her. aftor reading it, she burst out laughing. i   "what's the joke?" asked mrs. treherne. j "a letter from that oil tea maniac, stanhope. ! here, read lt. it's too funny. ho's bidding   me to syllabubs-whatever they are-sound rus- .   tie, anyway."   mrs, troherno read the letter, a lengthy one, | it told how, unexpectedly, when luck seemed ' dead against him, by the death of an aunt he had como into some money; not rauoh-some few hundreds a yoar-jubt enough, ho.said, to enable him to claim his guerdon, to gather to his heart that heart's desire; to fly with her to some sylvan scene, whore nature' dlscardod hor grey mourning bush garments, suitable to a country of burled hopes, and robed herself in green- the colour of life's springtime; there in some idyllic retreat, bowered in honeysuckle, they would dream their lives away, ho worship- ping his heart's desire, while she made sylla- bubs-"the world forgetting, by the world   forgot."   . ho went on to beg mamie to send him a fow lines to a post ofnoe ho named, whloh he would pass on route, just to cheer him on his way, "not that he was sad," he said; "his hopes seemed too noar fruition' for that. even grey naturo seemed to smllo y ith him now -her grimness gone. even the bush, whloh to him had so long been a voiceless ono, living a« he had uvod in « past in whloh tho australian bush had no part, now spoke to him in a myriad tonguos, oaoh one telling ol a happy future crowned by lovo.   "aa ho rode through a belar scrub tho broozes sighed through tho topmost branches, 'mamie ls walting.' tho box leaves rustled, 'mamie, mamie 1" the sough of the pine tree* btlrrod forth 'mamie.' all nature made com- mon oause with him; the world seomod perme- ated with mamie and love.   "the very notes of tho birds had taken a   softer tone.   "the brandies of the troos waved themselves into leafy m'b. the soft spring brookes blew the coeoy white olouds on the olear blue sky into figures of a beckoning mamlo luring him   ! on. his horses felt springtime in their blood,   and wearied not.   "caesar ran beside, barking from good fellow- ship as ho went, looking up nt him with his bright, sympathetic eyes, as if longing, to say 'mamie ls ahead of us.' ",   mrs. .treherne uulshed tho letter, and said gravely:   i "i could not laugh at him, mamlo. the man ' has laid his hoart baro before you, palpitating : with lifo-his love for you which ls his lifo. you must, write and, stop him from coming hore. i could not bear to seo those haunted oyes bur- dened with an extra sorrow. you must toll him you aro going to bo married."   i "i shall do nothing of tho sort.- i shall bo   gone before ho can got hero. it will be just into your hand, you bern comforter of the afflicted. you and my knight of the dolorous countenance can bury my memory decently to-   gether."   "tho victima of your own slaughtering you must bury yourself, mamie. how little mr. chapman knows you, thinking ns he does that you aro all conscience and tender heart."   "tod's sweet simplicity maltes him a jowel amongst men. hut why should i write to that lunatic? "who is he, to expect mo to fly on the nod to sylvan boones, aud make sylla- bubs-whatever they are-something to eat, i suppose. cheek, i call these wsrld-worn mon offering tholr remnants of lives in tho marriage   market, some women aro fools enough to bid   for them, too. i don't bellovo in remnants my- self, i like a llfo-length of fresh material. it's you goody-goody women who put up with rem- nants. we othors may go to a remnant-counter to inspect, but not to buy.'.!.   however, mrs. treherne prevailed upon mamie to write tho nom's of nor approaching marriage to mr. stanhopo.       chapter iv   chapter iv.   stanhope was drawing near tho post office, whore ho hoped tu hoar from mamie. '   tho night before reaching the placo he could scarcely sleep for'thinking of lt. next morn- ing by force of habit he cooked hts breakfast ho was camping out-'but the eating of lt was a farce; caesar had a double share.   he rodo into tho township, whloh oonalsted c-f the usual little cluster of galvanised, iron roofed wooden huts, grog shanties chlofly.   these ho rodo past straight to tho post ofilco. thero he jumped off his horse, did not walt to fasten the bridle oyen to a ring on a post in front for that purpose, but let lt hang loose, while he rushed into tho office. his eyes boom- ed all pupil, all starting out of his head; hi« voloe was hoarse with excitement. the post- master thought ho had boen drinking«   illa letter was thero.   he lookod at it, saw it was from mamie, pas- sionately ulrased tho envelope, regardless of tba postmaster, thon put it unopened into his poc- ket, and went out unheeding a casual question or so tho postmaster put to him. his horse» wero nibbling some oouoh grass which spread on tho sandy so-called stroot. he caught them, romduutod, and rode out of tho township, long- ing to got into puror air far from the druulcen squalor, and the leanlng-agalnst-post men of tho bußlv ffhauttei, before ne opened tho lot   tor, fooling thnt to do so in that atmosphère would be a desecration.       chapter v chapter v. the senior-constable was cantering home to the police barracks of the township stanhope had left the day before. he saw grazing along the bush track a horse with the remains of a pack on him. he caught the horse, marked the spot at which he had found him, then led him into the town- ship. leaving the horse there, he took his black tracker out with him to see if there was an acci- dent or anything of that sort. reaching the spot where tho constable had found the horse, the tracker took up the tracks,   followed them till they came to another horse, this one having a saddle on and a broken bridle. "hullo!" said the constable. "some drover fellow has ridden drunk out of the township, and come to grief, i expect. i'll lend the horse, gumboo; you go on tracking. i think to find low white fellow directly." "mine tink lt," laconically replied gumboo, who wont on tracking, sometimes seemingly at fault, but soon getting right again. the track was leading them towards a clump of balah trees, whoso dark, steepling tops were silhouetted clearly against the blue grey sky.   in this timber the blackfellow said there was a gcod gilguy. suddenly they heard the howling of a dog. "dingo?" said the constable. "dat poller not dingo. sheep dog, dat pel- ler," said gumboo. the tracks led them towards whence came the sound of howling. as they made' their way through the balah scrub, they saw by the gilguy in front of them, the body of a man lying on the ground, a black and tan collie sitting up beside him, howling long, anguished howls. "by jove! . this is our mark," said the constable. he drew up his horse close along- side the body, and dismounted. "by jove! suicide! here's a revolver! tho poor beggar's blown his brains out. what's this in his hand? a letter! sorry. seems playing it low to read a dead man's secrets, but my duty compels me." he had difficulty in taking the letter from the roan's hand, lt was tightly hold in the grip of death. when he at length got it free, he saw that the handwriting was a woman's. "cautious, too. only signs her initials. who ls m. a., i wondet? whoever she was, he was a fool to give his life for her this way. what's that, gumboo?" the tracker had been peering round, and found an envelope. ah! now we shall see who he is. how the ink has faded already! in this heat, no wonder. i cannot make out the initial, but the name is stanhope. well, i don't suppose gumboo would stay here by himself, and yet he is such a warrigal, he won't make them un- derstand if i send him in for a dray to take the body in." "i suppose we must bury him in the bit of a cemetcry there is, though i'm hanged if i   think it was, ever consecrated ; no bishop is     likely to have been-out here, and i suppose it   takes a clerical lordship to make a holy a bit of ground." "such a ghastly cemetery, too-sort of last day business-great fissures in the graves. "i'd hotter be off. that dog will guard the body, even if gumboo gets funky and bolts. if it hadn't boen for that dog of his, the crows would have been at the poor chap. they are squeaking a requiem now, noisy brutes. if ever the devil took a bird shape, i bet it was a crow'sâ€”mephistopellan-looking brutes, gum- boo says crows never attack the body of a dead man, but i don't believe that." aftor speaking so to himself, and telling gum- boo to remain, off rode tho constable. and as he heard the mournful walling made by the wind through the tops of the balahs, he thought it accentuated the melancholy end of the dead man, lying alone in that haunted spot, for, according to tho tracker, all balah scrubs were haunted by the spirits of dead lovers, and truly there lay one with a woman's letter of dismissal in his hand. he felt tho sadness of it all, and, spurring his horse, cantered away from the soughing wall. the sun was dipping into the beyond like a blood-red ball, almost uncanny in its bril- liancy, when all else seemed so sombre. it was the sad hour of the australian day when if a man has a past his thoughts fly to it, and lt overwhelms even tho monotonous im- mensity of his surroundings, that is, if he be not australian. the average australian, in the bush at least, is not intense; he may haveâ€” indeed, often has a sad expression, but that expression ls distinctly a fraud-a veil merely to a pleasure-loving nature, which finds keen enjoyment in small things. with the spell of the hour on him as he rode through the shadows of the bush scrub the constable's thoughts carme and went without his volition. back they carried him the the old days when his uniform was not what he now wore but that of an officer in a crack regiment. back went his thoughts to the fatal year when he had plunged beyond recovery and had to join the army of failures who found refuge in australia. there for a time he had gone under; then taking a strong pull at himself, he en- tered the police force, and was now the highly respected senior constable at on outslde bush township. back, back, wont his thoughts to his sandhurst days, a procession of his old chums passed be- lfre him, some of whom he had forgotten the very names of for years. "by jove," he thought, "there was a fellow called stanhope passed out before me a good bitâ€”went into a hussar regiment. he too, i heard, went a cropper and dropped out. strange if this chap should be the same. strange of that parted us ea sandhurst to meet in the never never country. when we parted we felt sure of painting brilliant futures on life's panels. "when we met he had opened the door for his own exit--i an australian bobby, linger- ing on, not caring when i join him, but not caring by own hand to hasten the time, hop- ing that yet before my end something may in-   tervene. oh, for a rattling good war, when every man jack of us would be wanted, and a chance given us to face the foe and retrieve the past. "but i'll play the cards out, though there is   nothing in the hand. bettor men than i am have bluffed fate before to-day." how the past comes back! we bury it and change tho scene, change our parts altogether, only to find the spirit of a man's past cannot be buried. "ah, if we only knew. but we never do know. .most fellows get bushod in this scrubby old world. that fellow got off the track after the old sandhurst days, and so did i. by jove! i hope he, poor beggar, has found himself now. if there is unything to know, he knows it, anyway." "by jove! i hope the carpenter won't be too drunk to make tho coffin straight away." he started to hum the "dead march," as the solmen scene of a military funeral rose up in his mind, his own father's, a famous old general. he felt a choking sensation. "bah!" he said, "i've loe my feelings bolt with me; that poor chap has given me the blue devils badly. i gave gumboo my last bit of 'bacca, or i'd smoke. it's beastly lonely through this bush. i'll singâ€”my voice will be sort of company." back to the township he cantered, singing as he wont an australian version of a favourite chorus in the old days: if i had the flight of a bronzewing far o'er the plains i would fly, straight home to the land of my childhood and there i would lie down and die. "wrap me up with my whip and my blanket, and bury me deep down below, where the dingoes and crows won't molest me, in the shade where the coolabahs grow.    